# Issue while Implementation of Resolution Plan and Remedies - Part I

## Summary
The webinar discusses the implementation of resolution plans, including the steps involved, difficulties faced, and various notifications issued by relevant authorities. It covers issues related to the Companies Act, Registrar of Companies, income tax, sectoral regulators, and the Competition Commission of India. The webinar also discusses waivers of past liabilities and the process to be followed. The resolution plan may include provisions for restructuring, merger, amalgamation, or demerger. The implementation of the resolution plan is the responsibility of a monitoring committee or agency appointed by the resolution applicant. The resolution plan is binding on all stakeholders, including government authorities, and its approval freezes all claims, allowing the resolution applicant to start on a clean slate.

## Namaste. Welcome to our 15th first episode of AAA weekly webinar series
0:08
Namaste. Welcome to our 15th first episode of AAA weekly webinar series. Today's first April 2023 and last Saturday we completed 50 episodes of our weekly series without any Gap every week one. So today we are starting the 50 First webinar. I wish all my participants all my best well wishers. Friends, they're very happy and prosperous new Financial year made this financial Year bring prosperity in business, profession, career, whatever you are. 

1:02
The subject today is very important. It actually has taken a lot of time of our team and also myself, because this is the contents are not available. Judicial pronouncements are not available. It's the Practical experiences of implementing various resolution plans, including the this is the issues that are being faced. You should use those are being faced during the implementation of resolution plan issues. those are being faced during implementation. 

2:03
So if you can exit yourself, so now let me share my PowerPoint presentation. This subject like basically what we have analyzed that when a resolution plan is approved, what are the difficulties? First of all, what are the steps involved? Secondly, what are the difficulties faced by the resolution app? We can resolution professional monitoring agency? 


## 
2:39
And then what are the various notifications issued by Ministry of corporate Affair, income tax provisions, the section 32 a applicability against the criminal liabilities? So these are various issues which are involved in implementation of a resolution plan. Most of it is also applicable when the company is being sold as a going concern in liquidation process with the slight change. but yes, the process Remains the Same. 

3:17
After the resolution plan is approved by nclt or after the sale as a going concern is approved by the nclt, the process Remains the Same, except that there is another process of closing the process of liquidation which is not there. In approval of resolution plan, we will also cover the Amendments which is done by the finance bill 2023, which has now got the accent of president has actually been finalized. 

3:51
So I think let's start the contents today. So okay, friends, we subject and the we will actually deliberate on the effect of approval of resolution plan. Issues with respect to the companies act, Registrar of companies. Issues in respect of the income tax. Issues with respect to the sectoral regulator, CB and the competition Commission of India. 


## 
4:26
However, I think that this is a subject which is very large subject regarding the CB compliances, and we would like to conduct a separate webinar on CB compliances for listed companies. Then we also would like to consider the waivers of the past liabilities and the procedure that has to be followed. What are the fates of the various waivers that has been permitted when we see the resolution plan? 

4:53
Resolution plan is defined under the ACT means a plan proposed by a resolution applicant for insolvency resolution of the corporate debtor as a growing concerned in accordance with part two, and there was one amendment by with an explanation which was added for removal of doubt. it is hereby clarified that the resolution plan may include Provisions for the restructuring of the corporate actor, including by way of merger, amalgamation and demerger. 

5:22
Now, when we see this stage happened, actually that means that the resolution plans also can have a proposal to merge or demerge or amalgamate within the resolution plan itself. Technically, nclt should pass an order for approval of resolution plan as well as for merger or amalgamation or demerger. 


## 
5:48
However, according to our practical experiences, we have seen that the adjudicating authority is in some cases has Preferred that you find a separate application for demerger or separate application for merger. The order which is passed for approval of resolution plan is only for the approval of resolution plan and not for the D merger or merger. 

6:13
The resolution plan is submitted by resolution applicant, which means which is defined in Section 5, subsection 25 means a person who, individually or jointly so that means the resolution plan can also be financed jointly by one or two people or more people. So it's a resolution plan to the resolution professional, pursuant to the invitation made under Clause H and subsection 2 of section 25. And that's what is the resolution applicant. 

6:40
Then we also have to see what a resolution plan can do, what measures can be taken under a resolution plan, which is very clearly provided in regulation 2037 of the cirp regulation, and when we see this regulations 37 it says that the resolution plans shall provide for the measures as may be necessary for resolution of the insolvency of the corporate data and for maximization of the value, including but not limited, because this is basically is not an exclusive Clause. 


## 
7:13
This is an inclusive regulation. First is transfer of all or part of the assets of the competitor to one or more person, although when we talk about resolution plan in the transition plan, we can also have that some of the assets would be transferred to some other parties. That also can be resolution. that also can be considered as part of the resolution plan, that transfer of all or part of the assets. 

7:39
Now there is a possibility that in a resolution plan few assets are shown as it will be sold to somebody and the rest of the companies being taken over by other party. That is also possible. The second is sale of all part of the assets, whether subject to any security interest or not, whether the assets can be sold. Assets can be sold. 

8:04
That also it can be the resolution plan and although the liquidation or resolution plan, the company has to be taken over by someone. That's what is a resolution plan. However, we can even sell all or part of the assets of the company. then actually the restructuring of the operator value of merger, amalgamation and demerited. 


## 
8:26
This is also one of the one of the optional in the resolution plan that can be done, this substantial acquisition of shares of the corporator or the merger or consolidation of the corporatory one or more person, although this merger consolidation was already written. 

8:40
But yes, the regulations were amended to make it more clarified that amalgamation and demerger is also included in the regulation 37. Now this substantial acquisition of these shares, that means the shares can be acquired. That means that the shares can be transferred to the new promoters. 

9:03
Now in most of the resolution plans we have seen that the there are residential plans proposes that the existing Shield will be extinguished, new shared will be allotted or the share Capital will be reduced. reduction in capital is proposed. So and then after reduction in the share Capital, the balance will be the reduced Capital will be transferred to the new promoters, of course, subject to the CB conditions for listed companies. 


## 
9:37
Cancellation or delisting of any shares of the corporate data. So this is also one of the conditions. These are also one of the conditions that can be fulfilled in a resolution plan, and the resolution plan can be submitted along with the delisting of these shares. 

9:53
Satisfaction and modification of any security interest, curing or wearing of any breach of the terms of any debt, like whatever that we have taken, whatever Waves Beach, whatever we've done, that also can be cured or waved. kind of restructuring of the debt: repayment, extension of repayment, Amendment of the Constitutional document, issuance of Securities of the cooperator for cash property Securities or in exchange of claims. Change in the portfolio of goods or services produced. 

10:30
So these are all changes in the technology used by the corporate data, obtaining necessary approvals from the Central and the state government authorities. So these are well see when we see the reservation plan. So what we have noticed that the as far as this Shares are concerned, the restructuring of the capital is concerned. That is that we have three options. One, we can extinguish the existing Capital. 


## 
10:53
Second, we can reduce the existing capital in a lot of fresh Equity. third, we can transfer the existing share capital on zero value on zero value, and then the rest of the money can be introduced in the company as unsecured loans or as a secured loan by the resolution applicant. That is also possible. No implementation of the regression plan. 

11:22
So when we see implementation we haven't seen many nuclear Powers which are given to the resolution professional or any other person for implementation of a resolution plan. The concept is very clear: when the resolution plan is approved by ncrt, the RPP demits office, RP demits its office and since it is mandatory to have a implementation, reasons for implementation of the resolution plan for supervision of the implementation. 

12:03
So as a traditional implementation committee, which is called monitoring committee or monitoring agency, is being appointed in the resolution plans, and those monitoring agency, or monitoring committee, whatever you call that committee, would be responsible for supervising and also for activating the implementation of resolution plan. As for the law, the monitoring Community or monitoring agency would be proposed by the resolution applicant. 


## 
12:33
However, before this sanction is granted to a particular proposal that the monitoring committee would be restructured according to their wishes as a traditional in most of the cases, the a resolution professional is also part of the monitoring committee. A lot of ambiguities are there. 

13:06
The express reasons are not available, how to monitor and supervise the implementation, and the only thing that we have seen in section 31 is that the resolution plan is binding on all these stakeholders. 

13:19
Now when we see the provisions regarding implementation of the resolution plan, first of all, we see section 30 of the code mandatory contents of the resolution plan, which says section 30, subsection 2 plus d says the RP to confirm that resolution plan provides for implementation and supervision of the resolution plan. Now, in this case, one explanation was added on 6th of June 2018. That's very important explanation. 


## 
13:49
It says for the purpose of clause e, for the purpose of clause e, and that means the. When we see section 30 is just a minute. sorry, section 30 is very clear that we see it does not contrave any prisons of the law for the time being in force. 

14:18
While this is the plan is being implemented, but it is also said that it does not contrave any of the prisons of the law for the time being in force. 

14:27
Now saying so this activation was added that if any approval of the shareholder is required under the company's act or any other law for the time being in force for the implementation of actions under the resolution plan, such approval shall be deemed to have been given and it shall not be a contravention of that act or law. 


## 
14:50
So that means even if it is a approval of the shareholders under the companies act or approval of the shareholders or any other law under the company that or any other law for the time being in force, such approval shall be deemed to have been given and it should it shall not be in the controversial effect, because there may be many at which are presently active in India, where it is required that the shareholders will pass a resolution for a particular action of a company. 

15:26
So in this case that particular requirement would not be, simply would not be required. This is what is the explanation given in section 30, subsection 2, Clause d. Then we have section 31, which is approval of resolution plan. it is the it is the duty of their Duty creating Authority that before passing an order of the approval of the registration plan under the subsection satisfy that the resolution plan has presence for its effective implementation. 

15:52
This is also with effect from 6th of June 2018. So these two things basically are the mandatory contents of the resolution plan, as per section 30. Now we move on to regulation 38, which are also again mandatory contents of the resolution plan, which says the drug sub regulation 2 say the resolution plan shall provide the term of the resolution plan and its implementation schedule, the management and control of the business of the corporatory during its term Advocate means for supervising its implementation. 


## 
16:23
So this is also in regulations. also it is said that the resolution plan must contain adequate means for supervising implementation plan no regulation 38 subset sub regulation 3 It also says It also says that the a resolution demand state that it has Provisions for its effective implementation, for its effective implementation. So so this is also magnetic content. Then we go on to regulation 39, sub regulation 9 it that is the approval of the resolution. 

17:09
So once the reservation plan is approved, then a creditor who is aggrieved by non implementation of a resolution plan approved under section 31 May apply to their Duty getting Authority for directions. so in case a in case anyone who is aggrieved and the implementation of the resolution plan is somehow becoming difficult or challenging, then they can approach the result. The adjudicating Authority for some directions going forward, section 33, subsection 3, which is initiation of liquidation. 

17:47
This is regarding the contravention. When the resolution plan is being contravened by the corporate debtor, it is not being implemented as per the resolution plan. Resolution plan then the basically any party whose interests are prejudically affected by such controversial may make an application to their judicating. Sorry for liquidating the company, and in that case, section subsection 4 says that the adjudicating Authority shall pass the order of Liquidation in case the contravention is found. 


## 
18:26
So these are the provisions which are there in the code and regulations. now we are actually coming to the effect of approval of the resolution plan by. The Authority by. The adjudicating Authority. It says that once the approval, once the resolution plan is approved, it will be binding. 

18:42
It will be binding on it will be binding on the corporate data, its employees, members, mean shareholders, creditors, and then further it was added that including the central government and any state government or any local authority to whom at that in respect of the payment of dues arising under any law for the timing in force, such as authorities to whom statutory dues are owed, grunters and other stakeholders involved in the resolution plan. 

19:12
So therefore the approval means binding on all government authorities, all structural authorities. The resolution plan will be binding. The effect of the Apple by the nclt was also explained by honorable Supreme Court in gunsham Mishra and Sons private limited versus Edelweiss asset reconstruction company, and this was the Judgment in 2021 and in the parity six of that judgment says very clearly the legislative intent behind this is to freeze all the claims so that the resolution applicant shell special applicant starts on a clean slate and is not flung with any surprise claims. 


## 
19:56
If that is permitted, the very calculations on the basis of which the resolution applicant submits its plan would go heavier and the plant would be unworkable. the word other stakeholders the word other stakeholders would squarely cover the central government, any state government or any local Authority. 

20:23
The legislature, noticing that on account of obvious Omission, certain tax authorities were not a binding by the Mandate of iron the insolvency in bankruptcy court and continuing with the proceedings, has brought out the 2019 amendments so as to cure this said mischief. And that was the amendment done in section 31, where it was said that the resolution plan is mandatory to all statutory authorities. 

20:54
Now let us understand the what are the immediate steps which are to be taken by the resolution professional or by the resolution applicant. so the first step is as per the approval of the resolution plan, as proposed in the resolution plan, as ordered in the resolution plan approval order to constitute the monitoring agency or monitoring committee, as whatever is the name given in the order. 


## 
21:27
I have seen mostly in case the there are more than one members of the monitoring process, then it will be called as committee, and in case there is only one member, then it will be called as monitoring agency, because, first of all, immediately on the very first day after the approval of the resolution, monitoring committee must be constituted, no once the monitoring committee is constituted. 

21:58
The one thing which is conceptually very clear, that the now the resolution plan has been approved by nclt. in the resolution plan it is also mentioned that the old management will cease to exist and the new management would be appointed. 

22:22
If, therefore, the very first thing is having to convene a meeting of the monitoring agency, pass a resolution for induction of directors, as proposed in the resolution plan, whose eligibility has also been verified under section 29a of the ACT, and, once that is done, also remove the existing directors, therefore the company would the company cannot be managed in case there are no directors. 


## 
22:53
The order has already been passed where the old directories would be removed the technical. the technical difficulty is that the existing directors cannot work and the new directories will only be able to start work in case they are appointed and their formalities regarding filing forms before nclt before Roc has been completed. So this is the first step to file all the documents before the ROC. 

23:29
So at this moment I would say that whenever a company comes and drives a cirp, it is the duty of the IRP to file form 28 and that form 28 is actually a very, very important, because with that form the all the powers will come. All the powers will come to RP. 

24:01
So when the all the power Powers will come to RP, so the RP will be able to change the documents before Roc file the documents and to represent before the ROC for anything to be done in person or by your filter. 


## 
24:16
So the any other modification in the capital structure may also be done by way of resolution, like in case we have to extinguish the capital, it should be a resolution passed in monitoring agency and then the necessary forms to be filed in case the capital has to be reduced again. It has to be done as per the process and the all the documents will be submitted to our Roc. 

24:41
So in case new shares company had to have to be allotted. So that has to be allotted, as per the under the companies ACT, first by inviting applications and then by it is a passing a resolution for allotment and then by submitting an allotment form, a form for where which is required to file to Roc after the allotment. That is something where the allotment process is to be done. 

25:06
So this is where the capital structure modification, whereas the control and custody, how that control and study would be given to the successful resolution applicant. That would be decided by the lenders in the meeting of the monitoring agency. because, see, we have seen practically like the control and custody. 


## 
25:30
The possession of the assets of the company should be given to the new management only after the payment is received or after substantial payment is received, and that part must also should be mentioned in the resolution plan to avoid any future difficulty. Then, once the payment of the creditors are paid, then they are also supposed to pay. They are also supposed to give a No Deal certificate. 

25:59
They also have to locate the charges which they have registered before Roc. They also have to modify the charge because suppose they had a claim of say 1000 crore and the resolution plan is only for 300 crore. So the balance 700 crore has to be eliminated from the Registrar of company's office. 

26:23
Therefore the reservation applicant will file all the documents before the register of companies, then the charge vocation and then the modification in the charge of. The Roc and also with the searches. That has to be done by the lenders, but the follow up needs to be done by the monitoring agency or by the audit. The lenders also are required to remove. 


## 
26:52
The lenders are also required to remove the defaults which are appearing on civil or any other civil like financial information Bureau. There are four Financial solution information Bureau so far in the country. One of its is civil and the other two other three are also there and they are the financial information company, so Bank. Normally, lenders normally give the information of default to the financial information bureaus and then they notify it publicly. 

27:26
So that also should be corrected. Now, going forward, going forward, I can say that I have the issues. You know the issues are divided into various segments. One segment is the compliance is required under the company's act. The second segment is the issues pertaining to the income tax liability on various issues, like broad forward of losses, like section 115 JB, that is the minimum alternate tax, then section 40, one of the income tax act. 

28:06
Then section 28 of the income tax act, which has been recently amended by the finance bill 2023, which is now even promulgated with the presidential consent, has already also been available. Third is the section 170 capital A, which was also available earlier on the statute on the income tax act. 


## 
28:28
But then now this actually has seen a good change in section 178 also, although the intense the although the objective of this section is not very clear. But then still based on my experience of income tax and of IBC, I can say that what it could have meant. We also will touch upon the issues regarding sectoral Regulators like CB or competition Commission of India. 

28:57
The criminal liabilities of the companies under Section 32A will also be handled and then issued with the past libraries. Which is supposed to be waived, which is supposed to be after the waiver. Those are the liabilities which are supposed to be waived, but the adjudicating authority is not allowing the waiver. So what are the options available with the RP, yeah or ra successful array? 

29:27
Now these are the issue presently being under the companies Act, the issues which are presently being faced under the company's act, and these issues are these issues are one that this section 351 subsection 4 says that the resolution applicant shall, pursuant to the approval of the resolution plan by the nclt, obtain the necessary approvals required under any law for the time being enforce, within a period of one year from the date of approval of the resolution plan by their judicating Authority or within such period as provided in such law, whichever is later. 


## 
30:21
So what exactly is the explanation given? That's a separate application. that's a separate explanation which is provided in section 30, and if any approval of the shareholder is required that we've already discussed. No section 31, subsection 4 says that wherever any approval is required, that approval can be obtained by the successful resolution applicant by the new management under any law, and a period of one year would be given for all compliances. 

30:58
However, for any kind of registration or any kind of approval, if there is a time required, is there time requirement under the other Act is more than here, then the company will get that time of more than one year for the purpose of taking that approval. So one year, one year time is already given. Now. 

31:23
The first very important part of the process is the immediately changing the status of the company from cirp to Roc, so as per this common circular issued by Ministry of cooperative. The process was changed and the all the existing IRP or RP or the Liquidator they were supposed to submit. 


## 
31:54
Form Inc 28 and it is the directions are even provided that the RP, while filling the form, will consider himself as CEO of the company and in future all the filings would be done under his signature, maybe digital signatures and then the reconstitution of the board would be done. Three constitutional board, like appointment of new directors and removal of the old directors. Then the third step is the restructuring of the capital of the company. 

32:36
When we say restructuring of the capital of the company. That includes extinguishment of the shares, existing shares for the reduction in the existing share capital. Next, allotment of new shares as per the resolution plan and all this is, and in case of a listed company, then reducing the a non pro motor shareholding and extinguishing or transferring the promoter shareholding or institutional shareholding. 

33:13
So there are issues regarding filing of the pending annual does inform MGT 7 as per companies that also the balance sheets, like the financial statements, are supposed to be filed in form aoc4 and these are the processes that immediately require to be taken this. These are these steps, immediate steps that is required to be taken regarding this changing of the status of the company. 


## 
33:45
We have the general circular which is dated 6th of March 2020 and in case they are saying that no right has been created in favor of the resolution applicant to proceed with the change of status, so for change of status immediately Inc 28 is filed and the general circular number zero eight of 2020 says that the movement resolution plan is approved and including, I think, the sale of the company is going concerned the right RP has to inform ibbi that the ilc 28 has been filed. 

34:30
So that means that the Inc 28 has been has been filed when the RP took over the company and when the rpe is exiting the company when the new management has come, then the RP must inform idbi and by filing an agency 28 so that the ibbi May write to MCA for correcting the status of the company on the website. 

35:00
So this is required to be 5 within 30 days of the approval of the resolution plan. So the first thing is immediately on appointment as IRP RP one has to submit Inc 28 where the rrp's authority will be registered in Roc. 


## 
35:22
Second important thing: when the resolution plan is approved, then within 30 days of the resolution plan approval date, the ra resolution applicant will again file section if we'll find one ilc 28 form within 30 days and that form will change the status of the company and in case the form is not filed in the stability time, then it can be file delayed but with penal clause. 

36:01
So presently there are certain difficulties which is being faced in different register of companies offices in the country. one difference is that the most of these processes of the companies which are under cirp are being done manually something. Some information is online, but when they when they Identify some errors in the, when they Identify some errors in the documents, then the. 

36:36
It is important that we should follow the follow up with the back end Office of the MCA and we should get the things done now. This General circular that I was referring to this was General circular dated 6th of March 2020. Earlier also, there was a that was in, I think, August 20 August 2019, but this came as very big help. So the circular says how you can register yourself. 


## 
37:06
The circular also says that what are your obligations of filing. Circular also says that the. All this because you see, like in case we see this paragraph to the master data for change in the status of the company from active to inactive, from active or inactive to see eir to your liquidation or Circ liquidation to active shall be affected on the basis of the formal change request form submitted by ibbi to e governance cell MCA, since the function has been centralized registered of the companies, shall not raise any forward carp for either to service provider. 

38:04
For the above mentioned purpose. To simplify things first is the when you are appointed as IRP RP finding of Inc 28 for changing the Status from active inactive to under insolvency. Then, once the reservation plan is approved, then again you have to convert the existing structure into the new structure. the new directors would be acquainted and the Inc form, Inc 28, would be again filed within 30 days. 

38:35
So that actually means that within the first 30 days of approval of the resolution plan, we should hold on to the meeting of community agency and in that meeting we should decide about various aspects regarding the share issue, share reduction or many kind of delusion in this share Capital. 


## 
38:59
So this circular is very important, which is the date in 6th of March 2020. now, since we have already completed half an hour of our webinar, we have to just now go to the question answer sessions and then we will again come back to these slides. Shell. 

39:21
The first question is: which is from Shell RP necessary necessarily be part of the monitoring committee and if yes, he has to be chairman or lead of the managing committee. So there is no. There is no such guidelines. There is no such provisions may not, so it is up to the resolution applicant and to the creditors. As far as the applicant is concerned, the resolution applicant will say that I have given my own CA. 

39:58
I have given my own lawyer in the monitoring committee. So what is the wrong with you? Then? the meeting normally takes place with the lenders and the lenders stipulate that we are more comfortable with the RP. We are not interested in anything new, but anyway this is something which is not a very big thing. It normally gets settled. The RP can be the part of the monitoring committee and RP cannot be also. 


## 
40:29
It all depends on the SRA and the lenders. Secondly, whether he would be chairman or lead, or chairman or lead of the managing committee, he can hold any positions as per the order or as per the presentation plan. RP can be chairman and RP can also be the lead of the monitoring committee. 

40:54
Now another question which is coming from a person having registration number 14029: can fresh shares be issued to resolution applicant for funds infused by him? yes, because that is all depends upon the that all depends upon the resolution plan. What is the resolution plan submitted? That's important pressures can also be issued to the resolution applicant. That's not a problem. Cacscm is asking a question. 

41:34
I remember one District case where RP is emulating agency since RP cannot take any benefit from CD. Is there any clarification on the above? See there is no return clarification. But in some of the meetings that we have discussed with ibbi and it was clarified by the insolvency professionals that this is a continuation of the existing assignment. But the fee of the monitoring committee P of the RP must be approved by the committee of creditors. 


## 
42:13
It should not happen that the Committee of creditor has not approved the fee and later on the RP, being the chairman or the member of the immunity committee, starts misbehaving or starts blackmailing about the fee. The it has been almost Guided by the ibbi that the fee should be approved by the committee of creditors and it should be reasonable fee. Then we have a question from. 

42:46
We have a question again from can MC formulate different committees for implementation of different parts of the plan? yes if it is two factories, if there are two resolution applicants, so definitely they can have different committees for different projects and this is normally facilitated when there are deep mergers also within the resolution plan. Then there are two monitoring agencies are proposed in such cases. So. 

43:25
But however different sub committees, different sub committees, may not be possible because this is not something which like. But then the monitoring committee's role is only to see the implementation of the resolution plan, the production preservation, keeping the company going concern will immediately shift to the ra resolution applicant and not stay with this responsibility will not stay with the Liquidator or with the ROP, even after the orders are passed or before the Autos are passed. 


## 
44:00
SBI venkat says does the monitoring committee has power to appoint the new directors. as I said, the monitoring committee will pass a resolution and the Inc 28 has already been filed with the RP. Signatures are accepted by roc. Then Roc will recognize the return filed by the company through the RP. Now what we are saying is the new directors. New directors are basically proposed in resolution plan. They should be eligible under Section 29a. 

44:42
Then only they can be appointed as the Director. New directors in the company monitoring committee will see who are being appointed, whether their name was disclosed to the creditors before and whether they are capable of the handling the business of the company. So this is the new directors has to be proposed in case any new director is being offered who is not there in the resolution plan. 

45:14
That of course would be little icy because in that case the eligibility under Section 29 again has to be verified. Role is over when the plan is approved. How can he file the forms after approval of the plan? He has been appointed as the monitoring agency in most of the cases. 


## 
45:38
The requirement of filing change status, the requirement of filing change status, that is again filing of the Inc 28 by filing an Inc 28, the requirement present requirement is that the RP will write to ipbi and there are various documents that are supposed to be attached to ibbi. Then ipba will verify those documents, will verify whether the resolution plan has been approved based on those orders. 

46:10
The ibba will then write to MCA for changing the status of the company from active inactive to, in fact, from under cirp to normal to active. That status can be changed by our C and that's the present scenario. 

46:32
But as far as this power is concerned, monitoring committee, although there is no mention anywhere, but monitoring committee has been doing it and the ROC is accepting it, because when the ROC gets this form uploaded, there are questions being asked by the form that who are the board of board members. So then we say that the trustees of the monitoring committee is acting as board as per the nclt order. 


## 
47:02
Now the next question is if the lender takes a haircut, how the haircut amount will be treated in the balance sheet of the CD? so this is a case which is more important while we will be discussing income tax and therefore I am parking this question because when we discuss income tax then definitely we have the answers for this. Also, they are asking how the liquidation value of the operational character would be calculated and provided. 

47:35
So the liquidation value of the liquidation value of the operational predictors are as per section 53 liquidation value are available with the RP and also the claims which are filed and admitted are also available with the RP. You know when the RP starts allocating the liquidation value to these stakeholders, to the playments under section 53 and if anything is left for operational predators, that is also. 

48:12
That is what is called liquidation value due to the operational predators and in case the total liquidation value finishes while symbolically allocating to parties under section 53 or creditors under section 53, with that priority and if nothing is left for the operational creditors, then liquidation value due to operational creditor would be nil and hardly there is any case where the liquidation value is available for the operational creditors. Also hardly there are cases in India. 


## 
48:51
Then we have a question again from M K Raghu, who will sign the form to be filed with MCA for change in directors change in capital during the I am during the ma period, as I said that the RP IRP has to file a form Inc 28. that means that the all earlier directors are not authorized now, but then the Inc 20h has been filed. 

49:24
The status of the company has been shifted from active to Circ or from inactive to cirp. So therefore the. This is the form which is being submitted. It can only be submitted by the by the monitoring committee, and the signature of the RP is already agreed, already accepted by the signature has already been accepted by. The ROC. 

49:53
So the are the only the RP can find the form and in case the RP is not part of the monitoring committee, I think still it becomes his duty to do whatever is required for implementation of the resolution plan. So he cannot run away even if he is not part of the monitoring committee. But he was. he's an Australian RP and his signatures are still existing in the company website. 


## 
50:20
So therefore, either he will immediately design so that the new people will come from the monitoring committee or he can simply say that yes, I would do this kind of filing. The rest of the question is anonymous attendee whether the pending AOC and mdt7 can be filed after the Inc 28 is filed after resolution plan approved by the adjudicating authority. Now this is a very good question. 

50:48
In fact, the MDT 7 mgt7 is the document which is a for submission of annual report. Aoc4 is a is a form for submission of the financial statements. It is also provided in this circular itself. I will again go back to that circular in this circular next page, if you will see, this is a general circular. 

51:16
It says it is further clarified that in respect of the companies which are marked under cirp in the registry and will return, that is MGT 7 and financial statement, that is aoc4 and other documents under the provisions of the ncrt ncert course shall be filed as attachment with e form gml2 against the payment of one time normal fee only one time normal fee only till such time the company remains under cirp because see for a company under cirp there is a special benefit given by the MCA that in case the filings are being done by the end by the suspended by the by a company by an RP, the special concession has been given one it is read that the it is not in accordance with the direction you should buy. 


## 
52:14
This NCL shall be filed. the documents shall be filed as attachments with e form gml2, and this is again against the normal fee payment of one time normal fee payment of one time normal fee is the word that I wanted to say that even if there are delays. I think this particular circular General circular will help, saying that it is only the one time fee is applicable, not more than one. 

52:43
So this is also important for me to explain, and this answer was in fact very much required. Now the question is from cacs. If the RP is not a member of the monitoring committee, then in case of failure of implementation plan, how can RP inform RB one of the CRP form requires such filing. so in case the last form that the RP has to file in his capacity as RP. 

53:27
I think that's the only form which you are talking about, and that form is not depending upon the fact whether the RP was part of the uniting committee or not. A firm requires such filing, because in case the RP is not part of the monitoring committee, then the RP will stop filing from cirp. It probably is deformed. 


## 
53:45
That's the last form the RP will file and during monitoring a period there is no form which has been specified by ibbi for filing. So implementation for failure to implementation is, if there is a case of failure, to break so the no. in the case of failure of implementation plan. There is no requirement for filing of any form before ibbi in case of failure of implementation of plan. 

54:15
But in case I have not seen the failure of implementation resolution to learn the RPG on the duty to file a but the RP has to say the last status, the last status after the cirp. There may be a case that the monitoring committee is different because the RP is not even supposed to monitor when he is not a part of the monitoring committee and not a part of the Implement, not even the RP. 

54:42
But yes, in case anything is required to be done by the RP, the RP is supposed to corporate what is the maximum 10 hour of the monitoring committee? The this depends upon the total term of the resolution plan. If the residential plan has a term of three years, the monitoring committee will also continue for three years. 


## 
55:05
And in case the resolution plan repayment period is only three months, then the internal of the monitoring committee would be only three months. Is Income Tax Claim is secured creditor and can be Department. then we will discuss this whether ADT 1882 forms which are now in version 3 form can be can be filed through gnl2 because see the all the forms. 

55:33
Whatever is supposed to be filed by the RP has to be filed through gnl2 as an attachment. Through gnl2 as an attachment and one time fee has to be paid. May it be mdt7, may it be aoc4, may it be ADT. Maybe I made we added three. It has to be filed in gnl2 if the fee to ibbi payable on Ma fee, the fee to ibbie is probably not payable. 

56:09
On the monitoring agency fee, however, to be very cautious. This is an assignment. The monitoring agency is an assignment where there is no requirement of a certificate or a license from ibbi. monetary agency can be any person who has some understanding. It is not really required that the person has to be a insolvency professional before he can be appointed as the monitor emergency. 


## 
56:40
So therefore, according to my understanding, the aggregate fee is not payable on this monitoring agency because this particular professional fee is not being earned by the person based on his qualification as insolvency professional will work for 10 years. According to my understanding, the monitoring committee is basically for supervising the implementation graduation plan. The sections are very clear. Regulations are very clear. 

57:21
Therefore, in case these resolution plan is for 10 years, the monitoring committee will continue for 10 years and will report if there is any kind of non compliance, will report if there is any kind of contravention. we have not fixed the fee of the RP and the auditing Committee in any case. So we have to. We have to fix the pp of the. 

57:46
We have to fix the fee of the monitoring Committee in the COC meeting. That's what is the requirement, because I have seen the ibbi orders, and ibbi says that charging exorbitant fees and that too, which is not approved by the committee of creditors is considered to be violative of the code of conduct. Because see you are trying to influence the ra. You are trying to please the ra who is giving the highest fee to you. 


## 
58:19
So that should not be this scenario. So your fee should be reasonable and it should be approved by the committee of creditors. Then the ibbi will not take any action against you. what are the duties and responsibilities of the RP post approval of the resolution plan? As per law, whether he has to oversee the implementation is as per the approval plan or not. 

58:46
He has no obligation to oversee the implementation if he is not a part of the monitoring committee number one. As well as the duties and responsibilities are concerned, the duties and responsibilities are to hand over all the documents if there are some non compliances, those non compliances should be done during cir any non complicity, and that has to be done by him or even the array can also do that to provide all information to hand over the assets and Records. These are the duties and responsibilities of the RP. 

59:18
Abhijit says the as per section 31 subsection 4, necessary approves to be taken within one year. But in real estate cases which are under construction, the necessary approval requirement can also come later on. So that's what I said. The law is very clear. Section 31, subsection 4 is very clear that this one year moratorium is given to ra for taking all approvals. 


## 
59:41
However, in case that particular requirement, that approval, that under that particular law, if they can say that yes, the approval can be given in two years time, then that will prevail higher. Whatever is higher will prevail in case you have only one month and the that particular law says that we have 24 months. 

1:00:03
But yes, you have to insist that I should comply with all my requirement as per my, as per the law which is applicable on me. So therefore, the even if in the real estate cases, the time requirement if it is two years, then the two years will be valid and not 12 months, which is approved by the adjudicating authority. Being a chairperson of the MC. 

1:00:34
There is no increase in the fees and COC has fully approved the resolution plan in the past. Please give your inputs like what you are saying is the same fee as provided in the resolution plan which is approved by the adjudicating authority? A yes RP can take the fee which is approved by coc for being the monitoring agency member or monitoring agency chairman. 


## 
1:00:59
There should be a separate fee approved by the committee of creditors, not the fee which is approved for the Liquidator. Error which is approved for the RP. That fee is not valid as monitoring committee. So specific approval of the COC is required and that code of conduct that it has to be reasonable. That is applicable to this fee. Also, the RP should not be able to influence the COC and get the fee very high. 

1:01:29
That is the requirement that it should be reasonable. That's the general requirement of the code of conduct. Can the RP take the same fee at no, this is that question has been answered. Mr Rajesh srivastava is asking to whom we contact if RP and if IP and RP not said P even after two years of report what report. although this is not a concern. This is not something that is relevant to this subject. 

1:01:56
However, I can simply say that there is only one platform where we can approach that we go to nclt and talk about our fee and the approval by the committee of predators. In case it is not approved, then the minimum fee which is provided in the law can be taken the another person whose number is one, four zero, two, nine. 


## 
1:02:16
How board meeting and shareholders meeting are held during CIF process when directors are suspended who hold the entire shareholder see we have to first of all the when the directors are suspended. They are only. They are only suspended with regard to the powers of the board of directors. as regard the rights of a shareholders are concerned, those rights are still continuing with the suspended directors. Now this directors are also not called suspended directors. 

1:02:49
They are called directors of the company with suspended Powers. So that's the real nomenclature. Directors of the company will suspended Powers, so in case they don't have any power but still they can have meet board meeting. The board meeting can be invited, the RP can share the board meeting and decisions can be taken wherever whatever is required to be taken in the board meeting. 

1:03:07
And if there are no decisions which can be taken up during this period, then of course the dates of the dates of the board meetings are required for the compliance of the companies act and compliance of the CB regulations and safety rules for invested company. so therefore the meeting has to happen. The board meetings will be chaired by the board meetings will be chaired by the RP. The shareholders meeting. 


## 
1:03:29
They can opt for a chairman among themselves and the because the shareholders meeting. I don't think it can be shared by the RP in the shareholders meeting, since there is no decision can be taken and implemented, so those also definitely will take place for the purpose of compliance to companies, that compliance to safety and listing requirements. So himself sales slides not moving. So we are still into see. 

1:03:57
Like I am saying that I am answering the questions. I am not reading the slides, but yes, because they are questions. Today we are actually getting a lot of questions and, as I could foresee, there are a lot of questions which are in the minds of the professionals regarding the implementation of resolution plan and I, I am Audible and therefore no, I will take the questions later on. 

1:04:25
I have already taken many questions and I will move on to the next part of these slides. Now these are the basic requirements, for these are basic requirements for the submission of documents for appointment of directors. However, we already have completed one hour, so we will continue this as a part two in the next in the next week. I also have my immediately. 


## 
1:04:55
My COC meetings are starting at about 12.15 or 12.30. I have to prepare for this and we are also trying to restrict. So there are a lot of questions which are coming in this say, and I will request everyone to join the next Saturday at 11 o'clock. 

1:05:10
We will continue this subject and there are a lot more research that we have done regarding the implementation, regarding the taxi issues, regarding the even the CB issues, regarding 32A issues and regarding various other implementation issues. So we will continue. We will again start with the detailed process for appointment of directors and for removal of directors. Thank you very much. 

1:05:40
The questions are 41. I was able to only attend about 20 and these questions are in any case coming from. I would only say that repeated questions may not be asked, but the next time we will complete the PPT and then we will start with the questions. So thank you very much the webinar is concluded for today and we'll continue with the part two in the next Saturday at 11 o'clock. Thank you very much. 


## 
1:06:11
It's a pleasure to be connected with you that this particular subject has taken a lot of time of my team. I thank my illegal team, who actually has helped me in pulling out all these circulars and notifications. thanks a lot. 
