# Key Takeaways from NCLT Order for Approval of Resolution Plan of Jaypee Infratech Limited

## Summary
In this episode, the key takeaways from the NCLT order approving the resolution plan for JP Infratech Limited by Suraksha Realty Limited are discussed. The analysis includes the directions of the Supreme Court, objections raised by parties, financial outlay in the resolution plan, and salient features of the plan. The case involved a concession agreement between JP Infratech and Jamuna Expressway Industrial Development Authority for the construction of the Greater Noida-Agra Expressway and development of land for residential, commercial, and other purposes. The insolvency process started in 2017, and the resolution plan was approved in 2023 after various modifications and challenges. The resolution plan includes the infusion of working capital, resolution of debt, and completion of projects. However, the outlay is lower than the liquidation value and fair value, raising questions about the valuation. The analysis also covers the impact of this judgment on other real estate cases and the role of the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code in resolving such cases.

## Namaste. Good morning. Welcome to our 48th episode of AAA webinar series.
0:01
Namaste. Good morning. Welcome to our 48th episode of AAA webinar series. This subject today is the key takeaways from the order of honorable nclt approving the resolution plan in the case of JP infratech Limited, which is submitted by suraksha reality limited, along with the other associate concerns. The basic objective is to analyze this judgment and to see and understand what are the impacts of this judgment on other real estate cases. 

0:44
Whether the insolvency and bankruptcy law can resolve real estate cases or any other law is better than this. Also, we have analyzed the key features of the resolution plan, the concessions and waivers applied for and what is allowed, what is not allowed to the successful resolution applicant that is raksha reality Limited. the objections raised by parties like ICICI Bank, yamuna Express Authority and the promoters of the company. 

1:35
So there are many takeaways from such a thoughtful judgment, and we will also kind of try to handle the apprehensions that the home bars are having from this order. We certainly feel that this is a subject of very high importance today because various real estate cases are looking forward to such judgments where the resolution is found for a real estate company. 


## Supreme Court judgment on allahabad vs. bank
2:11
So I am sharing my screen and in the meantime I will also be taking the questions and in case there will be any questions, please put it on the question and answer Tab, and I will in between read the questions and I will try to answer those questions. so this judgment came on 7th of March 2023 and today we are talking on 12th and we have analyzed this judgment into different topics. 

2:49
One, the directions of the Supreme Court in the case of JP Kensington Boulevard Apartment Welfare Association versus the bank. Objections raised by parties. Financial outlay in the resolution plan. How does it compare with the liquidation value and fair value, Salient features of the resolution plan, reliefs and concessions and final conclusion. 

3:19
So like going into the little bit of History, let's try to see that this particular case is decided by a special bench, because if the cases otherwise belong the otherwise the jurisdiction of this case is based on the based on the register Office of the company. The jurisdiction lies with allahabad bench of nclt. 


## Special bench approves plan for suraksha reality limited and luxury investment private limited
3:43
However, the special bench was constituted by the president for this matter and the special bank, and the special bench comprises of honorable president Justice ramalingam sudhakar and Shri Alan Gupta, who is the a member of nclt and they plan. They approved the plan which is submitted by the Consortium of suraksha reality limited and the luxury investment and finance private limited. 

4:17
Both the companies are owned by the suraksha group, so the JP infrate limited is the name of the company, where the more than 2.000 home buyers have submitted their claim and they in fact have got a bigger relief from this order. The the ruling has actually come almost after two years of the approval of the resolution plan by the committee of creditors. so in case we see. 

4:48
In total I will just come to see in as you see, this case has taken five years and seven months in total, right from the day when this insolvency of this company was started, even if we exclude that one year period when the Supreme Court tried to Supreme Court tried to take over this case like amrapali, and half then later on the Supreme Court decided not to indulge into the cases like amarpali. 


## 4 years and seven months for approval of resolution plan
5:14
So even four years and seven months have been taken by the for the resolution. And out of this four years and seven months, the first phase, where the resolution plan of nvcc was approved and it was submitted for approval, and then the Supreme Court decided to send it back to the committee of creditors. 

5:38
And then, second time, in the second phase, the resolution plan of suraksha reality limited was approved and that particular process took about two years and seven months time. And finally, the two years were taken by the nclt for approval of the resolution plan because of the various objections, because of the various objections, so various projects of this particular company, JP infratech it. 

6:04
The projects were spread around Noida, greater Noida and across the jamuna Expressway industrial Corridor. that is the area where this particular project was functioning. This the project started with the concession agreement for the construction of this greater Noida Agra Expressway. 


## zamuna Expressway Authority concession agreement entered into by japrakash Associates Limited
6:35
So in this the company is in like at the company that entered into a concession agreement with zamuna Expressway Authority, the full name of the jamuna Expressway Industrial Development Authority, and this particular concession agreement was agreed, entered into 2003 and then later on. 

7:00
In fact, originally this was entered into by the other company of the group Japan associate a limited, where we normally call j a l and j I l, so we are talking about j I l. However, in this case earlier also the. 

7:22
This concession agreement was entered into by a japrakash Associates limited by Jal, but however it was assigned to jayaprakash infrata in 2017. In 2007, then the of course this company, JP infratec or JP group, has a lot of experience. 


## 6175 acres of land was developed by jamuna Expressway
7:46
Along with the concession agreement, they were supposed to develop the land, which is 6175 acres of land at five different locations which the company, as per the concession agreement, they were permitted to develop: residential, commercial amusement parks, industrial parks, institutional purposes, so they were all this was the kind of agreement with jamuna Expressway states that this is all the permitted use of this 6175 acres of land and basic the objective was that to minimize the travel time between Delhi to Agra and also to facilitate development of this area. 

8:35
So that's what in fact. The jamuna Expressway was made in 2012 and the toll was started. Toll started in the collection. So this concession agreement is 36 years. So this is part of this company, Jay prakash infratech Limited. So what is the project? Let us try to understand. One is the toll project of which is for 36 years and it is still valid. 

9:08
The toll is being collected and the toll is still being collected by the this company, JP infotech, because the investment has been done by this company. However, the other parts where the lot of properties were being developed at five different locations and the total area which was given to this company as per the concession agreement was more than six thousand cuts. Now. So the let us understand now the insolvency process. 


## idbi filed the petition, so it was originally admitted in August 2017.
9:37
So idbi filed the petition, so it was originally admitted in August 2017. That's like about within nine ten months of the IBC coming into existence. Mr Anuj Jain was appointed as IRP and immediately the rate petition was filed in the case of chitra Sharma and others versus Union of India and. The Honorable supreme court. 

10:05
Because of the challenging various provisions and the Supreme Court like first of all it was state for some time and then immediately like after about a year, the Supreme Court said that the with the Circ process would be started and Anu jijan continued the process. 

10:23
In this particular case, 56,62 percent of the voting power is with the home bars, and other than the home bar, there are 14 Financial Credit secured Financial creditors and unsecured Financial creditors. 


## Resolution Plan of nbcc India limited was approved by allahabad bench
10:37
Then the see in 2019. In December 2019, one resolution plan of nbcc was approved by Committee of creditors and that was submitted to allahabad bench nclt and then therefore thereafter January 2020, that is, after about a month, the principal bench, the president of the nclt, decided to transfer this case to the principal bench for kind of a quicker and faster disposal. 

11:14
So the at that time, the resolution plan of nbcc India limited was approved and the nclt special bench approved the resolution plan within less than two months. Within less than two months, but however, some modifications were actually made. 

11:32
While accepting the resolution plan of nbcc India limited, which was not acceptable to nbcc India limited, because the npcc India limited was saying that any approval of the resolution plan with a modification and that modification is not acceptable to the resolution applicant is not what the law says. 


## nbfc appealed to the decision of the Supreme Court in the matter of
11:53
So the nbfc objected to it and we have challenged that particular order where the modification was done in the resolution plan without taking consent of the resolution applicant and the IT. The Metro went through and clad directing the IRP, directing the IRP to constitute an interim monitoring committee to implement the approved resolution plan, and the interim monitoring committee was to comprise the successful resolution applicant and nbcc and three major financial institution. 

12:34
However the that said judgment was of course subject to the appeal. So in the meantime. The Honorable Supreme Court in August 20 passed a civil bill in the matter of GP consistent Boulevard Apartment Welfare Association versus nbcc India limited where this again the add interim State on the operations of the order of the and clad. So that was the that order was passed. 

13:04
It was the interim order was passed and the stay was granted on the NCLEX order. This day was granted on the NFL order. Then let us see what was held by the Supreme Court in JP Kensington Boulevard Apartments Welfare Association versus nbcc, where the Supreme Court definitely held that the any modification in the resolution plan without the consent of the resolution applicant is not something which is provided in the law, and the Supreme Court said that the matter may be remanded back to COC. The matter may be demanded back to COC. 


## Suraksha reality & raksha reality - a group of investors
13:47
The chance may be given to both the resolution applicant who were who submitted the resolution plans. One is this suraksha reality and the other is nbcc. Both were given 45 days time to complete the process. Both the resolution plans were renegotiated, resubmitted, and it was also ordered by the Supreme Court has no fresh UI would be accepted. 

14:11
No fresh information memorandum would be issued and the resolution plans immediately would be subject to voting and it will be submitted to the court for the purpose of final. For the purpose of final approval. Now let us see what was the resolution plan of suraksha reality and along with the lakshadweep Investments and finance private limited. So the basically this suraksha group is a very large group. 

14:44
They have lot of real estate projects in Mumbai, Tana vashi. So the lakshadweep investment is one of their one of their investment firm, where the net worth is 2000 crores. So raksha reality is got a net worth of 1200 crore. Then the promoters, like sudhir Walia and raksha Walia. These are the two promoters, so they collectively had turnover of about three thousand. 


## Total Net Worth, Total Net Worth, Real Estate Experience
15:08
So the total turnover total net worth, the total network of the group was considered to be 6500 crore and the they have an experience of real estate Revival of stress tests because they also have suraksha Arc structure asset reconstruction company. Then they also have a kind of this vfsi sector and in Pharma sector, the real estate sector. So the answer to the experience is concerned. 

15:36
The structure has a lot of experience with experience in the real estate and in the finance and the legal regulatory. They have a lot of experience. They already have constructed and delivered 12 projects, almost 6,63 crores. Gear Fit area has actually been constructed by them and they have 200 kind of Human Resources, well trained and like Executives. 

16:08
I think the major project, which is a very known project for structure smart city is one of the project which is in Thane and it's a biggest Township under the Prime Minister scheme which is at vasai virar and then maybe so this is the various projects of Seduction. No, the nbcc and suraksha reality. 


## Resolution Plans vs. NBS Resolution Plans vs. NBS Resolution Plans
16:42
They submitted their resolution plans and this COC meeting, complying with that 45 days deadline voted on the resolution plans a reality received 98,66 votes, whereas NBS nbcc India they actually received a voting of 98,55 percent. So look at the margin. The margin is only 0,11 and with this margin the resolution plan of structurality was approved as against the nbcc India Limited and that therefore the resolution plan. 

17:24
In fact, a performance Bank guarantee of 100 crore was also provided and they also committed and that they will provide. They will contribute 3 000 crore of the working capital for restarting the construction. The average liquidation value of this case was 1.667 crore and the fair value of all the assets were basically considered as 2.602 crores because of the various land Parcels, because of the real value of this toll collection for 30, three years. 

18:03
All that basically was the calculation of the total liquidation value and the a fair value. Now let us understand against this value. Let us understand, against this value of a above about 1.000 crore and about 2.000 crore, the difference between the fair value and the liquidation value is about eight thousand crores approximately, and in case we see what has been offered to the financial creditors, in fact, Financial creditors have been offered a kind of land parcel having a fair market value of 6239 crores, and also the they've been offered by like non convertible debentures worth 1280 crores, and also the kind of total is which is being offered to the ascending Financial creditors is 7544 crore. 


## ICICI Bank did not vote for this particular resolution plan, none of the resolution plan.
19:03
ICICI Bank, which actually remained dissenting creditor, did not vote for this particular resolution plan, none of the resolution plan. So there they had submitted security interests, and so they were offered a land parcel which is 180 acre at the pal. So that was offered to icsc bank for to satisfy a dissenting Financial creditor and whereas the liquidation value which was payable to them was 218 crores. 

19:38
So in case we see, the total amount offered to the financial creditors was 7762 crores. This was offered to the financial creditors. However, to the alloties. When we come to the alloties, the cost of construction for completion of all the projects were estimated at 9268 crores and further the delay penalty.compensation was also given to the home buyers. early payment discount was also given to the home buyers. 

20:05
So infusion of working capital for completion of the construction was held as 3000 crore. However, I will not total it up as the total con the as the total contribution to the financial Predators. This 3000 crore is a induction introduction of the working capital that in any case has to stay with the company. It is not going to go for the implementation of the resolution plan originally. We will contribute the working continuance later on. 


## Total Outlay of Outlet Outlay is 1.600 crores
20:35
We will realize the SRA successful resolution applicant will withdraw later on or will do some other business still. Some amount was offered to fixed deposit holders. So the total Outlet total outlay other than the financial creditor is 1.600. however, I will consider it as 9600, because the 3000 crore induction of working capital, which is a Perpetual thing, will be company and it is not going to go away to the creditors. 

21:04
So in case we see the total, in case we see the totals, the you know the answer. The operational creditors are concerned. The jamuna Expressway Industrial Development Authority was offered only about 20 lakhs of rupees as against their claim of 1 600 crores Workman. In fact there was no claim, otherwise they would have provided employees there was in all. Everything is being paid, so there is no claim. 

21:29
Income tax department was also provided for only 10 lakhs of rupees and other operational creditors only against 10 lakhs of rupees. now the public shareholders, because they also have to. They were also being bought, so they were offered only 14 lakhs of rupees. So the total outlay. 


## Salient features of resolution plan, how to calculate fair value
21:46
Total outlay is 2.363. In case we reduce this 3000 crore, which is only for the working capital and not going to the character, and this is 17363 and this is this is almost 400 crore lower than the liquidation value, 400 crore the liquidation value, and it is almost 8 000 crore lower than this fair value. So we are. We are not part of it. 

22:16
Whether the fair value was acceptable to the resolution applicants or not, whether the how the calculations of toll for the next 33 years, where the 12 years have already gone, 11 years have already gone. all the same was calculated how the Enterprise value of the stole business was calculated. That we are not part of it. 

22:36
But yes, certainly in case we see the valuation, the difference is 8 000 crore from the fair value and about 400 crore lower than the liquidation value. Also. So when we see the Salient features of the resolution plan, and we actually would say that the Salient feature is that they will Infuse working capital, they will resolve the debt, the project would be completed and they will do the financial planning. All that. 


## How to see the feasibility of the project
23:06
So in case we see the project, so there are projects, in case we see so. there are projects like one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, 8,9.10,11.12,13.14,15.16,17.18,19.20, so almost 24 projects which are plotted developments, Villa development, residential commercial shop, Commercial areas. 

23:28
So all these the different projects were at different stage of completion, so they would complete within six months of the approval of the resolution plan or to 42 months of the approval of the resolution plan. So in case you would see their number of towers were also given in. So in wins at totally 250 Towers have been seen. So this is something which is very important. So this is the Eco total implementation period. 

23:57
For some project it is six months. For some project it is 42 months. so let's see, try to understand like the feasibility has been considered by the committee of creditors. The feasibility was seen with the working capital induction of about three thousand crore. The commitment was based on the estimated cost. 


## Equity infusion in company will be only 125 crores
24:17
The commitment was based on the estimated cost which was there in the virtual data room and probably that estimate was also must have been done by some experts in the relevant fields. So now, in case we see the source of funds, where the source will come, so the Equity infusion in the company within 90 days will be only 125 crores. They will also raise debt which is to the extent of 125 crore. 

24:44
They will issue debentures to the financial creditors to the extent of 1200 crore and in case you see the land for the institutional Financial creditors, that is 6536 and the 3000 crore they will take loan from Banks to for working capital which would be infused in this company, which will be infused in this company for construction commencement and for all other expenditures. So the bank balance was 111 crore was already there. 

25:20
Estimate amount which can be received from jaiprakash Associates limited is about 300 crore. And then they are also saying that 750 crores will be received as cash flows in the first three years, because see this cash flow also will be invested in resolving this company. So that means this almost 250 crore is the cash flow per year from the jamuna expressway. 


## 125 crores total investment from sakshara.
25:45
So let us understand now what is being invested by the resolution applicant from their own sources. 125 plus 125. That's the amount which is invested from their own sources, and then it is the total investment from suraksha. Total investment from sakshara is 250 crores. This non convertible debentures. 

26:11
There is no mention in the any of the document on public domain, like what would be the tenure of these non convertible debentures when the finally the banks will get this amount, when the debentures would be able to, they will be able to redeem all other. All other is the revenue which is coming out of the assets of the company. Accept 250 crore. Suraksha. Reality is not investing anything from their own sources. 

26:41
One thousand two hundred is a promise. 6536 is the amount which there will be, which is the asset of the company which they will just offload to the creditors for realization for selling long they have to raise on this company. 3000 crore bank balance is already available. Amount recoverable from Japan associate limited is probably this: 750 crores was deposited in Supreme Court and in case the that money can be utilized for this 300 crore. 


## FD holders will get some amount of construction
27:14
Then again the revenue from this. So in total in total the 250 crore is the investment from suraksha reality so the again this is the same FD holders will get some amount. Construction will take this much of amount. So this is a like resource sources and utilization of the funds are explained here. 

27:37
So that makes a tally of 1.147 crore, although in the in the first picture it was shown that the construction would construction will take a little higher, but however, anyway. But that's something which we are not looking at. We are looking at the how the company is being resolved by another person. 

28:03
Okay, now again, the same thing has been shown here, where the home buyers have a tree submitted their claims of 1.806 crores and the there is no proposal that some additional amount will be taken from the home buyers. There is also a proposal that some kind of delay compensation will be paid to them. 


## 1.806 crores total claim of home bar being settled by almost 8 000 crores
28:32
The total claim of 1.806 crores from the home bar that will be settled by handing over the possession of the booked properties to them. the total claim of the banks and financial institution, which was 9782 crore, is being settled, is being settled by almost 8 000 crores because, see, it is only some part of the interest. The banks might even lose some part of the interest. 

29:01
The banks might even lose, however, this jamuna Expressway Industrial Development Authority in fact losing a lot of money because of the operational creditors. They are operational creditor and they are only being offered 10 lakhs or rupees as against their claim of 461 crore. Operational creditors claims were not very high. The fixed deposit holders also. They are getting full amount. Home buyers are also getting full amount the so the equity share in fact is. 

29:27
They are not getting any amount. Then the there are. These are the. these are some kind of sub judice claims, because there are two kinds of claims. One is the claims crystallized, so the crystallized claim of German accuracy was 461 crore, and there are some other claims which were which were not yet crystallized and the appeals were pending before the various authorities. 


## yamuna Expressway Industrial Development Authority claims 1689 crores as an operational Pre
29:52
So this yamuna Expressway Industrial Development Authority also had a claim of 1689 crore, which was their claim as an operational Predator, as they have they wanted to pay or they had to pay additional compensation to Farmers, and that was 64,7 percent. So the additional compensation to the farmers was recoverable from the infratech Limited in view of the concession agreement and, however, that has been now reduced to 10 lakhs or rupees in this process. 

30:25
Similarly, 3331 crore are the other un crystallized claim from the income tax department, and there is a 3.000 crores of the claim which are not crystallized, which are disputed claims from the income tax and other parties. So all this, all this, all these claims were treated as the nothing is payable to them because they are operational creditors. 

30:51
The gunsham Mishra variable says that these are all the claims of the past and that can be waived, that can be written off and they would not be in having any rights to claim it back from the company once the company has been taken over by successful resolution applicant. So this resolution plan, so the key takeaways of the resolution plan, is that all these disputed liabilities of the company is presently now is written off. 


## waivers for a resolution plan approved by IBC
31:18
It is waived. it is waived. However, like when we go to the resolution plan approval order, then we see that there are many such waivers which are not permitted, and it has been said that you go to the relevant Authority that we have no powers to give blanket waivers on various matters where there are separate Authority who are supposed to deal with the who are supposed to deal with the matters. 

31:47
So in the income tax there is a special Authority. There is a separate framework for handling the appeals and disputes and taking the decisions similarly for other government departments also, there are separate structures available for appeals and for applications and there is an authorities made under different law. So the resolution plan primarily says that it is really not. it is really not in the powers of nclt to Grant this kind of blanket waivers or concessions. 

32:19
However, the respective Authority will grant the permissions, keeping in view the spirit of IBC and also one fact which is very clear: that any claim which belongs to past, any claim which belongs to past and is not being payable under section 53, as per gunsham Mishra Judgment of honorable Supreme Court, they would have no right to claim it in future. So like let us understand the resolution. 


## resolution applicant has only contributed 250 crores to suraksha
32:53
First of all, the resolution has come from the assets of the company. The contribution of 250 crore from suraksha reality is not something which is a very big contribution, considering that the total liabilities from the banks and financial institutions were about 1.000 crore. total amount that the company has taken from the home buyers was about 1.000 crore. 

33:18
So the total liabilities of this company was about 2.000 crore and this 2.000 Road liabilities are being handled, are being settled out of the assets of the company and the successful resolution applicant has only contributed 250 crores and the 3000 crore working capital, I'm sure, will be taken again on the on the security interest which is owned by the. 

33:48
So if this kind of resolutions are possible in real estate companies, why other companies are not being resolved, why it is taking time? so this particular judgment will set all a kind of footsteps and everyone will go on these footsteps that the assets of real estate companies, where the value is also getting increased because of the real estate prices. 


## Real Estate Cases where the resolution applicant is not supposed to settle all the creditors
34:12
There's a right opportunity that all the real estate cases can be resolved out of this kind of order. So banks are also getting almost 85 percent, and what they are losing is a little bit of Interest. All those people who are disputing disputed creditors, disputed government authorities, all their operational creditors. They are not. So everything is actually coming from the assets of the company. 

34:37
If there is a land parcel which is being given to the banks, which is having a value of 6536 crore and the banks will realize. Banks will realize and banks will monetize those land parcels. And that's what it is the. This is this is what is possible in most of the real estate cases. So this is the. 

34:56
This is a real example of real estate cases where the resolution applicant is not supposed to, the resolution applicant is not supposed to kind of settle all the creditors by investing for their money, because see, there are some amount which is recoverable from alloties, where the projection will be given, that money will come to the successful resolution applicant. 


## Unsold Inventory which can be sold, which can be sold
35:22
There are some unsold inventory which can be sold, which can be sold, because the amount which is shown here, that this is the amount which will be spent on the cons on the completion of the project. It is not showing the amount recoverable from alloty which will be recovered and amount of the unsold inventory which would be sold. Probably that figure is a net figure. 

35:44
So the fund flow fund flow restarts the home buyers, the alloties will start giving their balance payment. The construction process will start and there will be positivity in the market. There will be new customers for the unsold inventory and those unsold inventory would be sold at the current market price and not at the old market price. The existing home buyers will not have to pay any additional amount. so most of the real estate companies. 

36:16
You will find that this is the kind of scenario which is available in most of the cases and in some cases where the promoters have diverted some like more money out of the company, then there may be some more. Then in those cases there may be some more hit which has to be taken and which can be collectively distributed to even the financial Predators means the banks and financial institutions, the landowners and the home buyers. 


## What is the Law of Clean Slate?
36:45
So in case of deficit in case of real estate company where there are deficit and deficit also primarily because of the diversion or because of the losses incurred by the company in the past. So those kind of deficits can be divided between the three stakeholders. one is the land owners in case it is a joint Financial project. Two, it is the secured Financial creditors and unsecured Financial creditors, and the three is the home bars. 

37:13
And we have resolved to companies where the homeowners have to contribute additional amount, because the lot of construction was pending and there was hardly any mode which is recoverable from reality, and they were in fact multiple and double bookings of the units, so unsold inventory was also not there. So the home bars also contributed for the construction, and that was also a very good resolution that could be found. 

37:39
Now, where is in what other law this kind of this kind of Clean Slate is possible? in what other law we can see that the yamuna express Industrial Development Authority has will only settle by 10 lakhs of rupees. Which other law can say that all these 3000 claims, or 3.000 crores of claim that can be settled with 20 lakhs of rupees? There is no other law which actually can resolve the companies like this. 


## 3 thousand Court will come the resolution
38:08
Now coming to the term of the resolution plan, as we have already explained, three thousand Court will come the resolution. These construction will start immediately within 90 days and the Handover of the Handover of the units will start within six months from the approval of the resolution plan. So the board will be reconstituted management team and the control system will be implemented. 

38:32
The construction like the there is a special mention of JP Wish Town project where the construction will start the fourth month onwards and it will be completed based on the president status of the construction of those Towers. So viston also will have a lot of activity. Now that you can see, monitoring committee has been given some dedicated tasks in this particular order. 

39:02
The monitoring committee which will be set up by the resolution professional along with the other members within seven days. The units will be delivered until will be monitored by the monitoring committee and the monitoring committee will submit a report on day to day basis to the NCR team. So there are four basic see before I take up the objections. 


## What happens to Unity Fortune Holdings Limited?
39:23
Before I take up the objections, let me see in case there are some questions which actually needs to answer. Okay, so, as far as the voice is concerned, I think it is okay, because there's only one. Then, whether any impact of order on Unity Fortune Holdings Limited? Yes, that's the project that we are handling it. 

39:51
We are only waiting for the order to be passed by the adjudicating authority, the there is some delay, which is somehow we have seen in that case, but I don't think I don't think that actually will have any impact on the order of on the fortune holding. Technically, Mr Joe Tinder dub is asking. Technically, suraksha is bringing only 250 crore. I'll see. Yes, sir, I said yes, they are bringing 250 crores from their own sources. 

40:23
Other they are raising out of the company's assets is again asking rest is land loans. Yes, I said yes, the institutional creditors are not getting anything upfront in cash because they are getting the land. They are getting land plus they are getting the in the redeemable non convertible debentures. And Mr Santana T ray, partner of triple n solvency, is asking what happens to the uncrystallized claims and disputed Claims? 


## Can they get crystallized in the future and payable by the resolution applicant?
40:51
Can they get crystallized in the future and payable by the resolution applicant? No, it has not been like this, because see this all will not be payable. Reason is that, whatever it would be, first of all, the adjudicating authority have seen that whatever it would be, it will be an operational predator. 

41:10
Second, the operation, the according to the priority, one priority which has been like even if we consider homewards as unsecured Financial creditor Banks as a secured Financial predictor, the operational creditors are much lower. The amount payable to this statutory Authority is much lower than these two categories. So. The adjudicating Authority has said that even if this claim becomes crystallized, nothing becomes stable. Because these pertains to the Past number one, number two, they are operational creditors. 

41:44
Number three: no liquidation values due to them, because the liquidation value is about 1.000 crore and the claims from home bars and the secured Financial creditors are much more than this. So therefore no liquidation value is due to them. See as assumptions sort are not being given practice, particularly for other government departments, as you mentioned. yes, those kind of exemptions and waivers are not being given by. The Authority, by. The adjudicating Authority nowadays. 


## IBC: What the concerned Authority can do
42:15
In fact, we have gone through many orders. However, it is always mentioned that the concerned Authority, concerned department will consider, the concerned department will consider this kind of waivers or concessions in the spirit of the IBC. Now when we say in the spirit of the IBC, now let us see what this department can do. So we go to the department. 

42:39
Department knows it very well that this particular demand is belongs to a year, which is prior to cirp period, so prior to CRP commencement. even if they continue the proceeding, even if they crystallize the demand to the extent of 1.000 crore, they would not be able to recover anything, because very clear that any past claim they would not have any right to claim. 

43:00
They would not have any right to claim it from the successful resolution applicant when the company comes under their management. So the relevant Authority, the relevant department, will only understand and will only understand whether something which is technically needs to be complied with SRA will have to comply with. If it is only a matter of the financial claim. 


## VK: What happened to the undervalued transactions?
43:22
They will only say that our claim is financial claim or a c financial debt or it's a operational debt, and accordingly they can again approach code that yes, they had a priority which is not considered in the. they had a priority, but that was not considered in the resolution plan, so that kind of litigation can be expected. So then we there is a question from VK. What happened to the undervalued transactions? 

43:51
What I understand is the undervalued transaction was not part of this resolution plan. So whatever would be recovered that can be that can be distributed to the creditors separately. So that is an excluded asset from the resolution plan and this is this is only by estimate, because see, we couldn't see anything in the order. What were the modifications suggested by nclt in the nbcc resolution plans? 

44:17
That's now I think it is a past, because the probably suggested some modification which actually, which actually resulted in more outlay from nbcc. how much the haircut percentage, as I said, is much lower. As for the banks and financial institutions are concerned, it is only about 10 15 haircut, and that too, like that, may be interest only. However, for operational creditors. The haircut is almost full, almost full haircut to the operational creditors, including the government authorities. 


## Whether a lotteries will get same flat, alloties will get same flat
44:51
Whether a lotteries will get the same flat, the alloties will get same flat without any further amount to be recovered from them. Rather, there is a provision of 250 crores for delayed penalty, which will be paid to the elotes because this particular case the assets were slightly more so. This kind of prison was also made in the reservation plan. How can? The transfer of land will be done from the CD to financial creditors? 

45:18
Whether it will be enough? it will be through assignment or sale. So when the resolution plan says that this particular amount, these particular assets, would be allocated or assigned to the financial creditors, what I understand that the financial creditors will enforce their security interest, they will enforce secure the surface law and they will recover their money from the sale of those land parcels. How are they voting for the plans done? 

45:45
The voting on both of the resolution plans were put to vote and there was only difference between the Voting is 0,11 percent point. One percent was given higher to the suraksha reality plan and it was basically the difference between the voting point one percent. Otherwise, nbcc plan also could have been approved. However, in this case suraksha reality plan was approved. 


## ICICI Bank's npv calculation for NCD was no or not
46:13
Then we have whether the present value of NCD not considered so that might have been considered by the banks in their internal calculations, because that is not part of the resolution plan and the bid evaluation Matrix is also not the resolution plan. What we are doing is basically whatever document that we could fund from the public domain. We are only doing our analysis based on that public domain documents. 

46:39
However, whether this NCD, whether the npv was calculated for the NCD, was no or not and even otherwise. This is a part of the bid evaluation Matrix and also this is the part of the internal notes of the financial institutions and the banks. 

46:56
When they put their note for approval of the resolution plan to their authorities how liquidation value payable to dissenting Financial creditors were calculated, the it's not very clear, but then it is very clear that the liquidation value was about 200,17 crore, which was payable to ICICI Bank, and they were offered a higher amount, slightly higher amount, and that is covered in my subsequent slides for fair transactions, as I said, and there is no mention so that means that may be excluded from the resolution plan. 


## yamuna Expressway Development Industrial Development Authority May file an appeal
47:30
That may be separately dealt with by the plan later on. Since this sort of RSS. The case has been under directions of honorable LC and settled by the special Banks. Any further appeal won't stand a ground. Is that right? No, I don't think that is the scenario. 

47:55
I believe this yamuna Expressway development Industrial Development Authority May file an appeal and they may try to find how their claim has been totally extinguished and everyone has the right to file an appeal against the this order. But I don't think the implementation will be State because it has already gone to Supreme Court twice. so. 

48:19
Therefore I don't think that it will now at the court will not give any stay on the implementation of this resolution plan how the existing Financial Predators or the new Financial creditors will be able to take the same land as collateral. So the detail of what creditor will take which kind of land. That's not provided in the in the resolution plan. That's a detailing which is not accessible by us. 


## Have they tied up with the bank to get the working loan of 3000 crore
48:49
Have they tied up with the bank to get the working loan of 3000 crore see looking into the net worth of these suraksha group and looking into the value of assets of the corporate debtor? I think the loan of 3000 crore may have been tied up. or the viability study. Feasibility and viability study of the banks definitely would have considered this part about the possibility of raising 3000 crores of loan. 

49:21
What is the duration tenure of the monitoring committee? The monitoring committee duration is always to the extent of total implementation. So in this case I have seen the highest delivery period is 42 months. 

49:36
So according to my understanding and because since I do not know the Redemption conditions of the NCD non convertible debentures, so whatever is delayed, if the Redemption commissions are Beyond 42 a month, then the term of the resolution plan will be that particular period. 


## 42 Months of Comitee Monitoring Committees Lost
49:54
Otherwise, according to this, 42 month would be the total duration of the committee monitoring committee, because the 42 months is the highest time that they have taken for delivery of some Towers or some projects. I see once the plan is you see a CA balakrishnan insolvency Professor is asking: once the plan is approved, the cpib loses its existence. Then how are we? How are the reports of monitoring committees submitted to ncrt? 

50:31
Nowadays the reports are also submitted by a special IA. You have to give that 1000 rupees payment also. So the special IA I don't think this is the main CPI IB would be losing. I think the main cpib would continue till the time the resolution plan is completely approved and implemented is asking why the farmers whose land were taken over for the project should agree. no, the farmers had already agreed. 

51:09
That was the job of yamuna Expressway Industrial Development Authority. That was done. In fact, the zamuna expressway Express Authority was asking additional compensation which is payable to Farmers from this company, and that's it dispute whether it is payable as per the concession agreement or not. 


## yamuna Expressway Authority will have to pay that for farmers
51:29
However, in case there is anything payable as per the law of that uttar Pradesh State, farmers will not suffer the state government or these yamuna Expressway Authority will have to pay that. So that's not something which the farmers have to agree. That land has already been acquired. The land is already in the possession of the corporate data. The land is already being used in the implementation of the project. 

51:55
Then we have a question from bypass srinu. in view of increase in real estate prices whether any additional amount payable by home bars no additional amount is as being asked from the home buyers in this case. Rather, they are also being offered some kind of small penalty for delayed possession to them that will that they will get some composition. Will suraksha be paying the delay penalty? 

52:23
There is a prison for about 250 crore that they have provided in the resolution plan. What happens to money siphoned off by them by the TV or soil management and the promoters? as I said, all these avoidance transactions applications should have been excluded from the reservation plan, so whatever money would have been siphoned out. I think the actions under Section 43,45.50,66.49 all will be taken and whatever is the outcome. 


## ICC Bank is asking for delay compensation to the home bar
52:53
That also probably will go to the creditors is asking. Since icac Bank dissented then it has not voted in favor, and that's why 98,5 percent vote is received. Is it so? 

53:06
Yes, because the ICICI Bank did not vote for this and ICC Bank was having something like 1,33 voting share in this case was asking: is there any formula for payment of delay compensation to the home bar that is not provided and where we have an access? 

53:25
But yes we can say that there is a 250 crore which is provided in the resolution plan, which will be given to the home bars as the kind of delay compensation is asking on what amount is the regulatory fee of rupees 0,25 payable to IBB calculated? So the total amount which is considered to be a part of the admission plan is the. 


## Vishnava asks what steps were taken to improve resolution plan value
53:52
I believe it's about 1.500 and this is the amount where this will be payable. Whether firmware will get some amenities which were confirmed by the developer. The home buyers are going to get whatever they had promised they had been promised by the Builder. What about the concessions asked for as they have not been given if the Noida 3 or the other members? I am coming to the concession. 

54:19
That is in part of my next subsequent suggestion, subsequent slides. Vishnava is asking what steps were taken to improve the resolution plan value. I think this was all the negotiations between the two reservation applicants, one and BCC, which is a government of India owned company and the other is totally a private company. So there was a like discussions, modifications and the negotiations. Everything happened. 

54:47
However, the no new expression of Interest was expected could be added after the supreme court order said the current valuation has changed a lot in the last one year. That is after the summation of the resolution plan liquidation value will change significantly. So if there is a change in the value of the land, the financial predictors who has been offered land rather than money, they will realize better amount from the land. 


## hrp has stated two scenarios of valuation of learner building
55:18
So the financial creditors, whatever haircut that they have. It is shown in the resolution plan, which is about 10 15 percent that also will be will be finished, so they will recover their full amount in case they get better value out of the sale of that land. Is saying in form hrp has stated two scenarios of valuation of learner building. Can you briefly explain those methods? I have not seen the valuation reports. 

55:51
Neither it is any part of the documents available in the public domain. Rainbow note applicable for income display and treat as secured creditor, though the it's the order very clearly says. Order very clearly say that when this when the jamuna Express Authority filed their claim, they expressly said that it is unsecured operational creditor. They never said that there is any claim. if there is any security interest that they have retained. 

56:24
The order for approval of this resolution plan very specifically says that the railway paper is not applicable to this as the as the statutory Authority is not secured operational predator. These touch Studio Authority in this case is simply a operational creditor, not as a secured operation creditor. That's what they could read it from the claims submitted by zamuna and similarly the income tax department. 


## No attachment on assets of Noida Authority
56:53
Also, they could not say anything that they have an attachment on the assets of the company. so unless there is an attachment on the assets of the company, and that too before the cirp. That probably is something which we have might have to provide as secured operational. 

57:09
Predator is asking: if the Supreme Court does not give a stay on implementation of the plan and let's say, Supreme Court eventually decides in favor of Noida Authority, who will pay them? Will it be the other creditors or will the burden fall on the ra like that Airways of the matter? No, I still couldn't understand. 

57:34
Like they see, I think Mr shantanu is trying to say the jamuna Expressway Industrial Development Authority, not the Noida Authority number one, number two. This Authority has actually been considered as statutory Authority, which is created by a special statute of the state. So this becomes a statutory Authority. so they are operational creditors and the operational creditors. No liquidation value is due. However, there is no claim pending from the Workman. 


## Jet Airways Pays Fee of Monitoring Committee for 42 Months
58:06
There is no claim pending from the employees. So as far as this Jet Airways is concerned, that is not something which is applicable to this resolution plan. Mr hemanth Shah is asking who is again a partner of AAA insolvency who will pay the fee of monitoring committee for 42 months. As per the law, the fee is payable by the successful resolution applicant and not by the committee of creditor. 

58:35
The fee of the monitoring committee is not part of the cirp cost. It is the it is the monitoring fee which will be payable by the resolution applicant, only from the company. and then Mr Santosh srivastava is asking: is there any formula for payment of delay compensation to home buyers? There is nothing mentioned in the resolution plan. 

59:00
I think when the detailed resolution plan may carry this, but otherwise it is only a provision of 250 crores in the resolution plan. Deepak bijlani is asking whether interest would be charged on installment which has not been paid by homeworks due to construction was stopped. That is also something which is not provided. Mr mukul Verma is asking: is the value for financial creditor from nbcc available at your level value for Financial creditor from nvcc? 


## What was being offered in nbcc admission plan and what is being offered in structure
59:35
No, I think any Financial creditor who is part of the process may have this information. what was being offered in nbcc admission plan and what was what is being offered in structure reality resolution plan. So that may be the scenario here. So, like the biswara's Chaudhary is asking any idea about the acquisition cost of land which is being offered to the bank for 6600 crores? No idea. 

59:59
This is based on the valuation which is done by the valuers. If some of the concessions asked for are not granted and resolution plan may become unviable. I am coming to that Aman marudia. Sir, if you can please share contact details, whether the banks could in my contact details are available everywhere whether Banks could not realize and land parcel under surfacey or a law earlier before CIP initiation. No, I think. 

1:00:27
Before the ciarp initiation, the banks never thought of fertilization of such kind of large assets through surfacing. They were trying to settle. They were trying to resolve. However, when this insolvency started after that, there was no option with the banks to realize those assets out of the surfacy law after the last date or after the preparation of. 


## icic bank objections, yamuna Expressway objection, associate objection
1:00:52
I think the one last line that I have read in the order that the monitoring committee and the successful resolution applicant will consider that no loss is caused to the home buyers, and I think that will also assure that anyone who has not submitted their claim, they can still submit their claims to the monitoring committee. So out for the successful resolution applicant. That's what is my belief. so then we actually like. 

1:01:22
The questions are taking a little more time, so we may have to just go on to the objections, like the icic bank objections, yamuna Expressway objection, associate objection and the objections of the expert Motors, like we not much of the time that we have today. 

1:01:42
However, as far as the icic bank was saying, it actually says that their share was 1,31 and their total claim was 304 crore, and they were saying that they are dissenting predators and they actually wanted to enforce their own security interest in the I in the resolution process. There is no way that the relinquishment is required. 


## Defendant Creditor offered land for enforcement of security interest
1:02:02
There is no way that the dissenting creditor can be given the same asset for enforcement of their own security interest. however, in this particular case, the they were offered a land. They were offered a piece of land and that was to satisfy their to claim so. They were saying that we should be given a piece of land of our own choice. That was rejected. 

1:02:24
Then they were also saying that the cost of enforcement of security interest. They were saying that whatever cost that we will incur for sale of this particular land which is being given to us, that should also be met in the resolution plan by you. So the honorable adjudicating authorities said that there is a difference in the liquidation value of the asset which is being handed over to you and there is a gap of about. 

1:02:51
There is a gap about 16 crore. So I think that should be sufficient to cover the enforcement cost of the property. Then they were saying that the liquidation value, which is which is which is being allocated to them, is erroneous. They were saying that since the there are two parts of their claim. One is that the value of the security and the other part is the unsecured part. 


## Yaman Authority claim was rejected by German Authority
1:03:18
So as for the unsecured part is concerned, then the court said that you are not entitled to both. So therefore they were given the first part. So the similarly the obstruction of German Authority objections were that how can they be offered 10 lakhs or rupees only, as against their total claims of 1689 crore, which was the additional compensation asked by the farmers. 

1:03:43
So these were also the they were saying, since it's a operational creditor and it is very clear that the operational Predators will only get in case there is a liquidation value available, and that's what was also the Mandate of the Supreme Court in JP judgment. So therefore, this Yaman Authority claim was also rejected. So it was also said that the nclt has no equity jurisdiction. 

1:04:14
Nclt cannot say that it is Equitable or it is not Equitable to a particular creditor. However, the law says that the operational creditors will only get something in case the liquidation value is due to them or in case it is offered voluntarily by the resolution applicant. So in that case, 10 lakhs is offered voluntarily. However, the liquidation value due to operational creditor is nil. 


## 10 lakhs is something that can be given to them and otherwise the claim of 1689 code
1:04:36
So therefore, 10 lakhs is something that can be given to them and their otherwise the claim of 1689 code is considered as not payable. Similarly, the Associates limited and Manoj Gore, the promoters, they also said that the resolution plan fails to maximize the value of the asset. So the Maxi astrology on the maximization parties concerned the nclt said that this is the prerogative of the nclt and not. This is not the prerogative of nclt. 

1:05:06
This is the prerogative of coc.commercial wisdom of coc is supreme. The COC must have considered everything. The two resolution plans, the in fact negotiated well. So therefore nothing survives then in this case, even the this, since the Manoj core was a grunter. So the bank's mayor cover some amount from Manoj Gore. 

1:05:27
So he was saying that in case any amount would be recovered from me by the financial creditors, I should have the right of subrogation and that should be recoverable from the corporate director, because the grantee was given for the corporate data. 


## the successable nclt upheld the nclt's decision
1:05:39
So in this case again the gunsham Mishra judgment was referred that in case any amount is recovered from the grunters, that is not recoverable from the because of the concept of Clean Slate, the passing on of the Clean Slate to the successful resolution applicant. That's more important. Therefore, this particular objection was also rejected by. The Honorable nclt and the. 

1:06:04
Then again, this is saying that the all the contracts which was entered by the company JP infratec limited with the associate concerns of the same group or with the promoters. so all those will be canceled and that will be at the option of the suraksha reality to cancel any of those contracts which was entered unilateral. So they will be unilaterally canceling it. 

1:06:30
So in this case the nclt upheld this part that the successful resolution applicant has all the rights to cancel all those contracts which was entered between the jaiprakash associate limited jaiprakash infrastructure in infotech and other associate companies. That also can be, certainly it can be waived. 


## Reliefs and Concession: What is the Resolution Plan?
1:06:52
So as far as this reliefs and Concession part is concerned, I only have to say one thing: that wherever any Authority is established by any law, the nclt has said that it is a declined only because the adjudicating authority should not have a blanket power to deal with any other law. So that was rejected. anything for the future which was asked like in future stem Duty would not be payable. 

1:07:27
All that anything which is for the future is all rejected and all the government authorities would consider this resolution plan as per the Norms, as per the provisions of IBC. Practically we have seen that the government authorities may give a notice to the resolution applicant. The resolution applicant may have to submit some documents, may have to submit the resolution plan. 

1:07:53
The one from one thing is very sure that even if some demand is raised for the period prior to commencement of cirp, that would not be payable, as because of the gunsham Mishra Judgment of honorable Supreme Court. Therefore, all these authorities will not make much efforts. So all these waivers and the concessions will automatically become applicable. so. In fact, there are many such waivers requests which has been declined and some are granted. 


## No objection to Jaipur resolution plan is allowed
1:08:24
However, finally, we have to reach the conclusion that the no objection would sustain the application completely is allowed. The resolution plan is binding on all these stakeholders. The reliefs and concessions which the adjudicating Authority can give as per the jurisdiction with them that is all granted. For other reliefs and concessions, they have to go to the appropriate Authority. Monitoring committee has to be set up within seven days. 

1:08:55
All the possession of the properties has to be given invariably within this stipulated time. In case they are not doing fit with the performance, security of 100 crore would be forfeited. so therefore this is also said very clearly that section 53, subsection 1 is applicable only in liquidation and it is not applicable in the case of resolution plans. 

1:09:21
In case the reservation plan is approved and it is not contravening any of the sections of the IBC, the resolution plan can be approved, even if the allocation done between the creditors is not exactly as section 5.1, the reservation plan will be approved. So the this 750 crore which was paid by Jaipur cash associate limited to the Supreme Court. That is also a concern. 


## Resolution Plan for 2.000 Home Buyers
1:09:46
Then whatever amount is left there and where they have it, they can claim it back from the Supreme Court and 2.000 home buyers. They definitely will get their home on priority as per the resolution plan. 

1:10:00
So it is also said, in case you see the second last paragraph of my Slide, the adjudicating authority passed the orders in favor of the aggrieved home buyers, ordering to continue with adjusting the delay compensation allowing additional time to register and recognize the balance, amount in liabilities and pass suitable orders assuring against any loss to home bars without additional payment, irrespective of the insolvency proceedings. So this is what it all. Thank you very much. 

1:10:34
The resolution plan like this, such kind of resolution plans in fact will set the path for resolution of various such kind of real estate companies. I definitely would say that other laws does not have any kind of Provisions. Where the statutory libraries can be waived, where the operational Predators can be waived and various such measures which has been taken, which is binding on everyone and collectively it is being resolved. 


## Real Estate Cases - Real Estate Cases - Real Estate Cases - Real
1:11:13
This is the way the real estate cases can be resolved. So thank you very much. It is definitely a great pleasure that the huge number of participants who are today they were interested in this kind of topic. thank you and we conclude our webinar. thank you. 