# Webinar on Opportunities for CMA's in the IBC, 2016

## Summary
This webinar, conducted specifically for cost and management accountants, features Deepika Prasad, a senior partner at AAA Insolvency Professionals LLP, sharing her experiences as an insolvency professional under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code (IBC). Deepika, who cleared her insolvency exam in 2017, has seen her life significantly impacted by this career shift. She emphasizes the importance of the IBC in transforming the business mood of the country and creating opportunities for CMAs. The webinar covers various aspects of insolvency, including the role of CMAs, the income range of insolvency professionals, and the impact on stakeholders. Deepika shares her journey, starting from her first assignment with Compact Lamps Private Limited, where she discovered discrepancies in inventory valuation, leading to significant findings. She also discusses her experience in conducting over 100 Committee of Creditors meetings, enhancing her leadership and communication skills. Deepika encourages CMAs to engage with insolvency and bankruptcy work, emphasizing the unique challenges and opportunities it presents.

## Foreign. This is this special event, special webinar that we are conducting.
0:00
Foreign. This is this is a special event, special webinar that we are conducting. It is only dedicated to cost and management accountants in this country and today Miss Deepika Prasad. She is a constant management accountant. She has joined this webinar. 

0:31
The objective is to share with you the kind of achievements that she has done in the last six and a half years of insolvency, how she has improved her life, capabilities, qualities, and today is not something which is for me. Today the day is for eign, and she is going to share with you all experiences being a question management accountant, how she could join IBC and how you all can also do whatever she has done. 

1:20
She will just make it possible for you that it is possible for everyone in case she can do that, and not that she was having a very illustrious career before, but she was working very hard throughout her life. But this is the carrier turning new law IBC, which was promulgated on 1st of December 2016, and she immediately decided to join this profession. Passed the examination. 


## AAA deepikaji webinar: How it has changed our lives
1:55
Welcome to this webinar of AAA deepikaji is the senior partners of AAA insolvency professionals, LLP and insolvency professional entity. Because it is today is your day. You have to just share with every one of your colleague, professional colleague, how you achieved all this and how can they also do this typically. Please. Good afternoon, hello to all and a happy Sunday and thank you so much, Anil, sir. I mean it's been. it's been a pleasure. 

2:31
It's a pleasure to have you all today here and of course, I would like to thank you all. I would like to thank Anil sir for having this session today, wherein we are going to really discuss about insolvency and bankruptcy code and how it is going to enormously change things in times to come and how it has already changed. 

2:56
You know things in my life, in society, in the banking system, in the business I would rather say business mood of the country. So this is and how we CMAs can really take a benefit out of it, while following the insolvency law and while trying to either become insultancy professionals or even if we get attached to some assignments or some actions which are related to the insolvency law and how it is going to really impact Our Lives, while you know. 


## How this Indian law was brought in
3:27
Having said that, impacting Our Lives, it is going to impact the lives of the stakeholders who have really, you know, put their trust in the insolvency and bankruptcy code in India, which was promulgated in 2016. So I would like to just start by giving you just a little bit of brief. I don't want to. I don't want to take you to any bookish, you know discussion or anything of that sort. 

3:53
Let's consider this a talking session where I would like you to you know, just understand and listen that how it works. Now I just because some of you here who have joined maybe insolvency professionals as well as CMAs, the session is only for CMEs and others may be the ones who may not be the insolvency professionals, and there may be some may be knowing about in seluency and there may be others who may not be knowing anything about insolvency. So I will just take you through this journey in a very Layman's language. 

4:25
I will not use any technical stuff here. So to begin with I will just you know, try to bring out why insolvency, why at all this law was brought in. So this law was brought in. I'm sorry like maybe that today most of these CMAs are interested about how you adopted it, how you thought about it and how you achieved it, and presently how and how much change this particular profession has made in your life. 


## IBC: How to Understand Your Income Range
5:00
I will add like let's not do, because everyone understand that they can do IBC even if they are not qualified as insolvency professionals. They can still do that. We'll come to that particular letter, but I just want that you should actually explain about everything about yourself. This is what we they would try to understand. 

5:26
They also would like to understand what can be the income range of a person in case scma becomes an insolvency professional, and you can actually give them a range that you can earn from this to. this all depends upon efforts and also sometimes Fortune, but yes, they would be more interested in learning all this from Luke as a role model. 

5:57
Okay, I'll just restart this session based on what you just said, so I will come to wait that and in solvency. Well, I joined it. I cleared my exam in 2017 November and after that I started my first assignment by making a resolution plan wherein I understood quite a few intricacies of the law and then, after having done a bit of about two resolution plans, I got into insolvency profession in a big way, and I also joined this organization, AAA insolvency professionals LLP, wherein I joined as a partner and I was given an embattlement with SBI, and the SBI embattlement got me into the other Banks. 


## Insolvency: How to Know the Principles of the Insolvency
6:50
Also along with this. I was in panel with all the other banks of the country and then my first assignment came from nclt, wherein you know I was given an assignment called compact lamps private Limited. 

7:01
Now this assignment gave a further impetus into how you know the understanding of the insolvency, because it was, you know we all are CMAs and just beginning to enter into insolvency and then going into the details because it's a, it's a, it's a law driven thing and completely regulated by ibbi. So there is not an iota of you know non compliance that can be acceptable. 

7:30
So to get into a rhythm of being completely disciplined and completely compliant in every activity that we do is one thing which has really come in. I mean if I, if I really go into how it works and how you know, you as a person has completely changed. So the first thing that happens is that you are completely in touch and on with the work that you're doing. There is nothing like you know. 


## The Next Step: How I was my first COC
7:51
I will have some breaks or anything once I have a case in my hand, then I have to be completely compliant and completely into it. And so once I got this assignment, then the. The Next Step was, you know I was my first COC. Now the first COC is, like you know, a committee of creditors meeting, wherein you have to be. You have to chair the meeting. 

8:22
I was the chairman of the meeting and I chaired the meeting, bringing out all the issues which are particularly in that company. Now this is another step that you go so deep into the every aspect of the company which is really going to impact every stakeholder in that company. 

8:39
So this is another change that comes in, of course, with the you know support from AAA in solvency professionals and with Anil sir, who has already run so many cases and right now he's into about 230 companies, and with the kind of guidance and support I even understood that every bit of the thing that is happening in a company is important. 


## How Every Bit of It is Important It Has a CMA
9:02
So while I was just looking through that aspect of how every bit of it is important it has a CMA, I realized that BCM is of a very special insight into the costing which is going into every aspect of a company, whether it is manufacturing, whether it is HR, whether it is any Department. It could be Finance, it could be Logistics. It could be inwards, outwards, quality production. 

9:27
So while as a CMA, you're able to really enter into every Department of a company, this is where it comes in handy as a CMA that you know. I got into every bit of the company's workings and I was able to brought bring to the table, to the COC, every detail which mattered and every detail which would actually turn around the maximization of value to the stakeholders. so that is how you know. 

9:53
That was the first impact that came in and we all, as CMS, can really achieve that. I realized that this is how I was able to really gain trustworthiness, gain trust with the committee of creditors and the bankers, and then came in new cases as we developed that trust and as we developed that competence, the as we showed that competence level of handling the cases. 


## How you know the bankers trusted and they gave in more cases
10:21
That is how you know the bankers trusted and they gave in more cases. So I got my next case, which was parivartan build Tech, private limited, came from my COC. Then I got my third case, which was cargo planners private limited, which again came from the COC and then came connect electronics and then came International trenching private limited, and then came SD aluminum limited. 

10:44
So this is till International trenching is what my COC gave me, and then SD aluminum was allotted to me by SBI. So as I moved into this journey, I'll just share a very you know a few experiences of all these cases, which have been really kind of. 

11:01
I would say we generate a lot of opportunities for CMAs and also they are kind of very challenging, and as a CMA I've been able to really overcome them and have become actually the truth is like an answer just said it's. 


## How to get into the balance sheet of the company
11:14
I have become a different person as I what I started with, because as the journey continued, I became much more confident, and not just confident about the work, also about the CMA qualification that I have, which gave me the power to get into the insights and gave me the power to go into depth of every bit of information which is available with me. Just a few experiences to quote. 

11:37
I will come to this experience with compact, wherein you know the balance sheet. Now this is where you can get into an insight into the workings of the companies which can be controlled, or rather you know, as consultants, we can even guide them and put them on the right track. so while this the balance sheet of the company showed an inventory of about a hundred crores. 

12:00
As I went there, I made a personal visit to the unit and I realized that this inventory could not be 100 crores. As the boxes, the whole, you know the whole con, the whole Factory, was really full of boxes and as we started to check them, we realized that half of the boxes, or some of the boxes were empty. 


## Inventory Check: A Threat Coming From Promors
12:23
So then I came to a conclusion that it needs a proper inventory valuation and an inventory check. So I decided to conduct an inventory check where there was a threat. now there was a threat coming from the promoter, as well as a threat coming from the local workers who were there, who's whose money had been stopped due to the promoters. 

12:44
So there was one way I could have just got back and decided not to go, since there was there was a threat. There was another way that you know. I made an effort and pride to get this work done, since it was a part of my job and a part of my duty, which the bankers and these stakeholders expected me to do. So. 

13:02
I put it on record in the COC minutes and hired a bouncer and taking that bouncer along with me. I went to the compact lamps private limited, along with my team from Triple A, and I went to that place in uttarakhand and I conducted my inventory valuation. And while does it that inventory valuation was being conducted, I came across a lot of things which were there in that company which were not coming otherwise. 


## IBC Inventory Evaluation: How to do Inventory valuation
13:30
You know the promoters and the corporate debtor generally. They do not share all the information. So, but as I went there and personally set into finding out the truth, I realized that there were so many issues which came out due to those books which were lying here and there which otherwise were not provided to us by the promoters, and the inventory evaluation helped me find out that the inventory was only up to an extent of rupees five crores. So a huge amount of you know the truth. 

14:02
The truth which was underlying this thing and which I understand is underlying a lot of other cases in the insolvency and bankruptcy code just came out. So here I would also like to bring about that. you know, while I'm talking about this, I show you that the IPC gives out an opportunity to the CMAs to do the stock audits as a part of the IBC process. 

14:27
Now, the moment you know an insolvency professional gets an IBC case. That is the possibility of doing an inventory valuation, as, along with the other valuation, of course, the valuation professionals are also required. 


## Inventory Evaluation: How Much Value is Lost in the Company?
14:41
Now, while this inventory evaluation is done, you know the extent of siphoning and the extent of value which the promoter has probably left in the company comes out black and white, and this is where you know as you bring about that truth to the table, to the COC, to the main, to the members of the COC. 

15:00
I think it's a it's a huge trust building exercise that happens with the bankers and that is how they begin to realize that. On one hand, I showed a lot of courage to go there in spite of the risks involved. I showed the courage to go there and conduct this inventory evaluation, and apart from that I came. I brought about the truth about the assets which are lying in the company's accounts. 

15:27
And here I would really like to appreciate the support given to me by my ipe and Mr Anil goyal has. They supported me thoroughly through every aspect of the work that I conducted. And and here a couple of things. Deepika, if you allow me. 


## Ms Deepika has been interacting with stakeholders, bankers
15:45
Yes, sure, I think Ms Deepika has so far oh, convened and cheered more than 100 Committee of creditors meeting or stakeholders meeting, where she has been the chair person and as a chairperson, she has been interacting with the stakeholders, bankers. This is a great experience that you actually get the opportunity of sharing the meetings, maybe online or maybe offline, and this is where I have seen what actually gets added into your life. 

16:28
The communication improves a lot. The confidence is something which is very important in anyone's life. That's what comes when God gives you such opportunity to be chairperson for more than 100 meetings. Not only this because, like before the meeting, after the meeting, you keep interacting with the bankers, senior bankers. So this actually has now added that leadership qualities now in the meeting. 

17:02
If you don't speak, then other members start speaking and I have seen her that when she conducts the meeting, maybe one or two questions may come from these stakeholders. Otherwise she conducts it, she prepares it and that's the end of the meeting and this is what when she speaks, the others only listen. This is changed over the last six years. Now the fear which normally you can see in male or in female both. 


## Road Making or Bridge Making a project is the fear of gwalior
17:39
I have seen people they don't go alone to such closed factories where there is no electricity and the factories are closed since long, and those particular factories, those particular locations she has visited alone, and that's the fear. The fear actually goes away. no, she's managed a company which is manufactured, which is into Road and Bridge making and a live project worth about 50 crores. 

18:11
That is what she managed as a road making or Bridge making a project, and she used to go to gwalior and she is meeting the Municipal commissioner, the commissioner of the municipal Corporation of gwalior, and I mean that's what is the confidence as a contractor, as a small contractor. Now she's interacting directly with the commissioner, who is a very senior IES officer. So the other thing that I can see as a CMA. 

18:45
You would understand that in insolvency, every case is different. Every day is different, every scene is different and there is no repetition. If you get 100 cases to do, each and every case would be different. There is no repetition. so the excitement is full. You are not doing anything which is repetitive, even for the 100 COC, more than 100 COC meeting that she might have attended. There is no duplicacy. Each meeting is different. 


## Insolvency: How to handle problems calmly, quietly, peacefully, just typically
19:21
Each meeting attendees are different, officials are different, subjects are different, problems are different. So insolvency teaches you how to handle problems and how to handle the problems calmly, quietly, peacefully, just typically. So I'll just take it from here, discussing a little about this parivartan project, wherein I have now completed projects worth 50 crores of rupees. Now it's like this that again, once again, you know it is my this why I'm giving all this information. 

19:59
Is that an insight into how this works, so that you know all my members can also, you know, really take some information from here and try to rebuild, or rather, you know, seek a new Direction in their lives if they connect with the insolvency and bankruptcy work in some way or the other. 

20:19
So as in parivartan as I took up, I decided to complete those projects, as the subcontractors connected with me, and they were like in very bad condition, since their money had been invested and they were not in a position to let go of their hard earned money, which they had probably saved throughout their lives. 


## Move ahead or Let It Close
20:38
So one way was, you know, I could have let those projects go, and since the company has now come into insolvency, I could have just closed those projects. But then that would have meant that the money which was invested by these contractors, as well as the money which was invested several crores of rupees which was invested by the municipal Corporation, could have gone bad. So I decided once again. 

21:01
You know there were two ways: either I move ahead or I let it close. So I decided to move ahead and I decided to really ensure that the projects are completed and the municipal corporation, that is the our country's resources are not wasted. on one hand, as well as the individual contractors who've been working on the projects are also not you know their money invested is also taken out. 

21:26
Thirdly, the bankers confidence and the bankers money was also saved, as I generated profits while completing those projects and I did not charge even a rupee from the COC or from the SCC, even in liquidation, for the expenses of the company and for the expenses of the Circ. 


## Municipal Corporation of gwalior: How I managed to ensure cooperation
21:43
So as I went there and met the municipal Corporation of gwalior and conducted a few meetings with the subcontractors in gwalior, I realized that they are as much impacted by the insolvency as the bankers, and so as I continue those projects, I put in more subcontractors. 

22:02
I put in the systems to ensure that the projects were completed and then I further put in the efforts to ensure that the municipal corporations cooperation and was given to our contractors as well as our cooperation. I ensured that my cooperation was completely given to those subcontractors so that the contract is fulfilled and as the trust developed as I delivered the results. 

22:29
The trust developed from the municipal corporation's office and the commissioner promised, and he ensured that the money which was generated out of completing those projects as and when the money became due. They ensured that the money came to us and I could distribute the amount to the stakeholders, which comprised of the subcontractors as well as the bankers. 


## Companies that go into liquidation are the ones where there is no hope of any Revival
22:53
So that is another you know, a trust driven thing that has happened, wherein I would rather say that today, sitting here, I want to you know, just share with you all that on this 31st of March, this last project of this company is going to be completed. And here I would like to bring about another issue: that the companies which go into liquidation are the ones where there is no hope of any Revival. 

23:20
Now there are a few companies wherein the asset base is very less, but the service industry is such that the companies are capable of really moving ahead with those projects or anything else. The work that they are doing is possible, that they will increase that work. 

23:37
So, since there are employees, since there are contractors, since there are stakeholders who are connected with this companies, it is a good idea to allow those companies to live rather than you know push them into insolvency. Of course they've come into insolvency. Rather, you know, pushing them into closure instead of pushing them into disclosure, dissolving. I have tried that these companies are rather resolved, even if not in during the resolution process and insolvency. 


## 103 crores of SD aluminum limited in West Bengal, Calcutta, for
24:05
They are resolved in during the liquidation, as they are sold in liquidation is a green concern. So I would like to now bring about here that I've sold one company called SD aluminum limited, which is from Calcutta, for 103 crores, where the valuation of this company came to just about 67 crores. now once again, I would like to just go into the details of this company a little. 

24:28
This company's factories are in West Bengal, that is Calcutta, and the area which is called the 24 paragonals in West Bengal is a rather very notorious area, which is famous for even some terrorist activities and some huge miscreants who would not allow the company to stay in you know, good shape. 

24:49
So I once again decided to go and visit the company on my own and as I went there along with a team of four people with me and entered the premises. 


## Workers Who Are Aggressive and Aggressive Are Aggressive
24:59
It was a huge site about, spread over about 20 acres, and in that 20 acres, as I entered, the workers who were really unhappy and aggrieved by the actions of the promoters just came in and before I could even realize there were about 40,50.60 workers who entered the premises and they closed the doors. 

25:21
And as they closed the doors, I, the truth is, I really got scared and I actually even called my husband whether you know we'll be able to really get over this whole thing and come out of it safe, because this is a huge place and anybody can do anything, because they are aggrieved and unhappy and angry workers. 

25:38
And then suddenly I realized that let me just come back to a humanitarian level and I decided to discuss with them their problems. And as I started to discuss with them their problems, I began talking to those workers and I spoke to about one, two, three, four and then 10,15 workers I started talking to. They realized that I meant resolution. 


## What I Meand to Be Good, How I Was able to Take away Whatever I Was
25:57
They realized that I meant they're good and they realized that it is not that I'm here to you know, create trouble for them or to take away whatever is there with them. 

26:06
They realize that I am there to help them come out of this trouble and within about half an hour, about 45 minutes, I saw that the workers were on my side and they were supporting me and they agreed to show me around the site and they took me around and showed me the entire Factory and showed me how the assets are really lying over there and which are these sets which could be good for the company and which are the assets who have lost value. 

26:33
And as I saw, I realized that you know this could be a big trust building exercise, along with the bankers also, and I came back and I met the bankers and they were also surprised that I was able to really go through that ordeal in that factory in Calcutta, wherein which is rather, I would say, with miscreants, sir. Yes, sir, so they see, like your colleagues have, a CMAs are asking questions from you. 


## CME Course: How I learned from my experience of working with Calcom Electronics
27:04
He says: ma'am, tell us your whole story from when you had started this CME course, so like when you started the CMA course and then I think, like you see, like half a minute you can do this also. 

27:22
I cleared my CMA course in 97 and after that I had an opportunity to work with a company called Calcom Electronics, wherein I worked for about eight years and there I learned the insights and the intricacies of manufacturing and also the financing in all areas of working. 

27:43
That is how I was able to get into you know, into the depths of every the working of every Department of an organization, and as I came from there then I was on my own. I was freelancing doing projects. 


## My own business was a costing project
27:56
I also started my own business based upon my costing achievements and my costing understanding, and I was able to run this for quite a few years, after which I was, you know, I had to take up maternity break and I was put to bed, and then it was. 

28:13
It was a break wherein I lost whatever I had done up till then and when I came out of it, I restarted my CMA practice and I was able to work with. 

28:23
I was able to work in a quite a few prestigious projects where I worked with World Bank sorry this ease of doing business project of the World Bank, wherein I was able to interact with all these stakeholders and try to bring out on tables what was the real you know concerns of those stakeholders. Also, I was able to work with the hospitals. 


## Hospital Costings: How I developed costing structures for hospitals
28:48
I worked with quite a few hospitals where, and I developed costing structures for them and I even worked with the ayushman Bharat scheme wherein I you know, developed the costing structures and the costings of many, I would say, procedures and surgeries, Etc. 

29:04
Which are conducted and how the hospital costings work and what should be the ideal costs of you know any process which is conducted in any hospital and I even represented the Delhi Medical Association and Indian Medical Association to ayushman Bharat wherein I help them develop those costing methodologies. 

29:25
Also, I got a chance to work with national investigating agency wherein I you know worked out on a few assignments where I tried to you know, give concrete information on the terror funding which was being put into India. there also I my report actually went to the PM's office and it is still there, and in fact they have been trying to contact me again for some work. 


## Cost Audits: What I am doing for CMEs
29:52
Whenever they have such assignments, wherein they want some data to be checked out and some data to be put into, you know proper methodology and they could make you know the sense of that data and come to conclusions. So they called me for that. So this is where I have been working. Also I have worked with the restructuring assignments given by quite a few companies. 

30:17
I have not been into the I would rather say the only the cost audits. This is what I would like to bring to the table to all the CMAs. The cost audit is not the end of the world. it's just the beginning for CMEs. So there is a huge activity base which is across the length and breadth of the you know industry in our country. 

30:37
And now especially with this focus on the msmes and this focus on Revival of companies and the offshoots which are presented by the insolvency and bankruptcy code. I would like to assure you all that once you are really determined and you enter into a system to you know, give Solutions, I'm sure things are going to change, because my life has changed upside down through all these things. 


## IBC: How Money is being misused and siphoned
31:02
While I thought when I came after a break that nothing will work out, this IBC changed the face of life and also I, you know, came into this IBC. also I would like to say that a few more things which have changed is that I would like to come to this forensic audit. Pass part of the companies wherein you know you're going to the insights and check how the money is being misused and siphoned. 

31:27
This is also, you know, one aspect that I've been checking, and I've also been able to put up cases worth about 3000 crores to all the companies promoters and the corporate debtor wherein the siphoning has been detected. Now this is again, you know, if you look at all these aspects, there is there is an element of national interest. I would. 

31:48
I would really like to bring it here that while I'm working with insolvency in bankruptcy, I realized that it is the country's wealth and the country's money and the country's interests that are being protected. 


## How to pay hospitals for patients in National Interest
32:00
Also, if I go back and check while I was working with those hospitals many places, you would have seen that there have been instances where you know the news and the News clippings show that too much of money was charged by hospitals from their patients. so as I worked there and I put up those costing structures in places you know it is. 

32:20
It is once again in National interest and the interest of the people at large that you understand that how those costings work and how precisely the customers should be charged and they should not be blackmailed on just because they are in a poor condition at that point in time because they are suffering from some diseases or something. So that is also going in National interest. 

32:39
Even the Nia assignment goes in National interest, and the ease of doing business, whose you know the ratings have gone up massively even that is participation into something like that is once again into the national interest. 


## What Is the Best Place to Visit in India?
32:53
So, once you align your goals with the larger goals, be it the country, be it our profession, which is CMA, which I deeply feel that we all must come together other and really make our marks in the industry sector, in the government sector, in whichever sector we are, whether it is education or whether it is any sector where you know we enter, the only thing that we need to do is we need to really have a trust in ourselves and go deep into our education, not just going by you know the just a few assignments which are generally, you know, shown by a few people. 

33:28
There are huge number of assignments that are waiting to be taken by CMAs. only thing we need to do is really try hard and go deep into our own education, go deep into our study that we have conducted and then try to see how we can utilize it and how we can really enter into various segments of our country. 

33:47
One thing again I would like to bring about here is that while we are in insolvency, I would like to say that even before the company is going to insolvency, they are under stress. 


## How to Meet Clients in Insolvency, How to Get Networked
33:58
Now if we can really work out strategies and help our clients and try to meet, get networking done and try to meet our clients in whether they are msmes or big companies, and even before they can, you know, they enter into this debt trap, and even before they enter into a trap wherein you know it takes them to insolvency, we can help them come out of it. So this is where you know. 

34:19
I would suggest that we all should make an effort and go and try to get such assignments where we prevent insolvency. Even that is you know I one law which, again under insolvency, which has been promulgated, is pirp, which is pre packaged insolvency resolution process for the msmes, which is rather this is free, wherein you know the promoters and the msme owners get an opportunity to revise their companies, maybe in the form of dilution of their shareholdings, or maybe in the form of you know making some kind of an effort or turning around something. 

34:56
So as professionals, we have to guide them and help them turn around their companies. So this is also one aspect wherein we have an opportunity. Maybe another wants to say something. I just wanted to say that this saloni goyal. She had asked about your journey. 


## IBC Course: What is the duration of the Course?
35:11
I can only add that Miss Deepika had did not have any, did not have any, did not have any family support, in the sense that none of their family member is CMA. None of their family member is an advocate or a chartered accountant, and it is all that she has learned herself. 

35:42
So there is one more question which I would like to answer, and that's like from amarnath maurya, and he say that I am CMA, 48 year old. If I do IBC course and complete it. Is there enough opportunities in the market and what is the duration of the course? So this is he's a CMA and we believe that he's already completed 10 years of being CMA and being CMA having professional qualification. 

36:12
Whether he's in practice or he's in job. after 10 years he will have to pass this limited insolvency examination and after passing this examination, then he will have to undergo a 50 hours training only 50 hours training and then he will be enrolled and embaneled as the as insolvency professional. 


## Insolvency Professional: How to become an insolvency professional
36:32
So what I'm trying to say that once you become an insolvency professional, so first of all there is no need that you should leave your existing job or existing profession. It's a part time study and part time examination. 

36:47
The day you would decide to become an insolvency professional, you can do two things: either you can leave the job and you can plunge yourself wholeheartedly in the insolvency profession, or you can shift your job into a consultancy kind of arrangement, and then you can also become insolvency professional. update your knowledge, keep understanding the resolution plans, keep understanding this forensic audit under the insolvency law. 

37:18
So it is not really important that we should get the insolvency cases. We can. As Deepika ji said that he started with preparing resolution plans. You can also prepare resolution plan in case you are working with a company. In that company there must be some issues regarding the insolvency you can even start up. You can start taking up. 


## What does it take?
37:37
Your market value goes very high in case you have in knowledge of insolvency it what does it takes? It takes nothing. It takes only about six months study and one examination, and then that's it. There's it. Nothing like it is. It is not at all expensive. Not much of expenditures are involved. It's pretty expenses which are involved. 

37:57
So the opportunities are enough and I would suggest that it is not really important that we should become resolution professional or we should become liquidated. You can always become a support service provider. You can always understand the law and you can start appearing representing before nclt, ncl80 DRT. You can also kind of do this claim, verification part of it and couple of members taken together. You can also form your ipe. 

38:31
I understand that most of these CMAs are shining in public sector undertakings. If you go and take a role of most of the directors in the public sector 100 degree, you will find that there are lot many CMAs who are actually shining in the Indian public sector undertakings may be as a general manager, finance department, Finance CFO and finally director. 


## What IBC is about BS Manjula?
38:54
So these are a various shining CMAs, and the only thing that you actually will get when you come to IBC is the leadership qualities, Improvement in your communication, Improvement in your English, and this actually will change the entire life. So then Deepika ji, Mr gaurav Joshi says it's a comment only. It's not a question. It is really inspiring success story while dealing with issues with a pragmatic approach. 

39:35
I think these kind of comments when it comes, it actually makes our day a person who is working hard actually for them also it's very important. So one BS manjula. One was a question and the hand is raised. I think I just want to give the chance and allow the. Maybe we, in case BS manjula, can ask the question please. Yes, sir, am I audible? yes, good evening, sir. I am CMA, manjula BS. 

40:14
I have also passed IBC 2017 and have record registered in November 2017. I have handled five assignments of all types CRP liquidation and all now. My question to Madam is: have you at any time, as a CMA, inventory valuation of the companies which are in ciarp process, because inventory is the area where they are going to manipulate, especially when they are in CRP process or when they fail in their business operations? 


## Cost Audit Report: Deepika ji, Persona & Deepika
40:48
And have you at any time check the cost audit report if it was applicable to the company? Because I have not come across any cost audit report in my assignments. So have you checked any CMA areas costing areas for the of the companies which have come to your which you have handed? you see, as far as this cost audit is concerned that I will answer rest. All is for you. 

41:15
Deepika ji in our company called versana is path limited. It's a steel company and as per the government notification, the steel companies having a capacity more than a particular limit are required to have the cost audit done every year. So we as a RP, as a liquidator, we appointed the cost auditor and we obtained the audit report also while this company was going, while this company was going concerned. 

41:47
So that's the I could only remember that one where we actually had obtained a cost audit report from a practicing cost auditor. Yes, Deepika, the rest of the questions are free. I would like to hear. You know say I mean I'd rather say Persona, where it's a good company. it's a running concern. 


## Cost Audit Report: What Is It?
42:07
That is why you know this cost audit report could be made available, but as far as I have seen the companies I they are not even willing to give us you know the superficial inventory evaluation. What they give is completely, you know, manufactured data. I would rather use the word manufactured data. So cost audit report is something probably I have not been able to get my hands on, because the promoters are generally hiding. 

42:32
You know where it is shown in the books that the inventory is about 100 crores and actually it comes out to be five crores. in such cases it is very difficult, you know, to get your hands on the cost audit report and the inventory valuation, and in most of the cases I have seen that the inventory is the most manipulated. 

42:49
As you rightly said, that inventory is the most manipulated area where it you know the most of the genuine inventory has been siphoned. It is it has been from the factory and now what is left is rather, I would say, which is looking to be good but then valuable. It is not valuable. So I'm sorry to say this, but this cost audit report is generally not made available. 


## Even the books of accounts are not made available.
43:13
Even the books of accounts are not made available. I am not sure if some working companies can. I have not come across any such you know case. Excuse Me. Maybe Anil ji can give up. You know. How do we go about inventory valuation? How forget about cost audit report? How do we go about inventory valuation when the financial Auditors say the stocks have not been the inventory has not been verified by us? 

43:43
Physical verification has not been contacted. How do we go about it in such cases? Because I have come across one of my CRP case where I which went to liquidation. I don't want to name the company. How do we go about it? Can we accept that as a CMA or there is no inventory? The financial Auditors have made a comment that their physical verification is now has not been conducted. 

44:06
How do we trust such audit reports? That's not our job in the insolvency law. when we are appointed as IRP or RP, our first job is to understand the liabilities of the company, based on the claims and also based on the books of accounting case available. 


## RP should also appoint valuers for the books of accounts
44:23
So in case the books of accounts are not provided to us, then based on the claims and also based on the information available on the public domains, like GST portal or income tax portal, or even the litigations that we can see nowadays these are the public domain information. So that's what is the liability side. On the asset side, it is all. In case the books of accounts are available, that's good enough. 

44:45
In case the books are not available, then we actually have to appoint our valuers. The valuers will go and they will take physical verification of each and every item, including stocks. our people. The representatives of the RP should also go along with the valuers. The inventory should be complete and the valuation would be done by the valuer. 

45:08
So I don't think this is a very big stress because see the stakeholders are not expecting anything to do from you that you would do. Wonders like, if a promoter is not cooperating with us, that promoter was also not cooperating with the lenders. So they know that the promoter is not cooperating. So it is not a stress that the information is not being given by the promoter. 


## What happens to gstn income tax? What happens to that amount?
45:29
You are also you have to fire an application under section 19, subsection 2 of IBC, and it is nclt's job to direct the promoters to provide information to us. So that should not be a very big stress. we will work as per the information available. Should I think Mr Ashok Jai, if you can also ask your question? Yes, sir, actually what happens? 

46:02
There is a tax assessment of gstn income tax along with TDS for earlier period, which is done in cirp Period, and amount ranging from very high amount, because generally they make the assessment on higher amounts, higher side only. So what will happen to that? Their claim is not filed. So finally, in the this resolution plan, what happens to that amount? 

46:25
Will it become zero or we have to pay or because they have not filed the claim also on time? yes, sir, the rainbow people judgment from the Supreme Court that has been interpreted by nclp benches in a manner that the income tax department is not even required to file their claims because the information about that liability is available on the public portal. 


## ierp RP has not taken liability in information memorandum
47:01
So in case the liability is available in the public portal, the liability is available in the books of account. The liability may be known from the from the chartered accountant of the company who is handling the income tax cases. Then why the ierp or the RP has not taken that particular liability in the information memorandum, but assessment was done later. 

47:24
No, I think, Mr, one thing is very clear that the claim cannot be accepted unless it is filed. okay, sir, but then the if the claims are not filed but the information memorandum is something that is supposed to be made by the art piece in the information memorandum, the liabilities has to be shown so that the resolution applicant should provide for this liability in the resolution plan. 

47:49
Yes, sir, I am not saying that you should admit the claim. I'm saying that you provide this information in the in the in the information memorandum. But now I think when we talk about this in Judgment of rainbow papers, one that the ministry of corporate Affair has given in a big domain information on 18th of January 33, where they are saying that they will make appropriate Amendment and they will say that there is no. 


## GST is very clear in GST law, if you want to know what it is, then
48:16
There is no lien on the assets of the company. Whenever there is a demand from the income tax department or even GST or where GST is already there. GST says that there is no GST is very clear because very clear in GST law it is written: then the GST department will have alien on the properties of the SSC. 

48:40
However, in case the company is under insolvency, then the GST law did not have GST department will not have billion. So GST is very clear. However, by what we are talking about in this state taxes like that and the sales tax of earlier law before 1990, before 2017, and also we are talking about the income tax till the time it is not amended. 

49:07
It is the duty of the RP to understand the liability and to mention it in the information memorandum. The resolution applicant will consider this as secured operational creditor and accordingly will provide for the after the expiry of claim date or memorandum has been submitted to nclt. 


## RP: What is the resolution plan?
49:33
Even then, if the assessment is, if the assessment pertains to a period which is prior to commencement of cirp, then all these are supposed to be handled by the resolution plan. 

49:50
If the information comes to the RP before the resolution plans are finalized, then it is the duty of the RP to provide that information to resolution applicant so that this is provided in the resolution plan by the resolution applicant and if assessment comes after the resolution plans are. if the assessment is come, if assessment comes after the resolution plan, then the nclt will direct. Then you are not supposed to do anything. 

50:16
Oh okay, thank you very much. We have a question, typically for you from Mr Anil Gupta. Hello, yes, good evening, sir ma'am, I'm the new qualified cost accountant having experience in I'm sorry, I'm sorry, please unmute yourself again. Yeah, I am audible, sir, yes in the IBC. So just want to. What are the area and the in which field we have to grab to means to say to grow in this field of IBC. 


## 3 Points Area where we can transfer from job to practicing in this area
51:13
So can you briefly explain some three points area where we can transfer from our job to practicing in this area. Currently, when I qualify, just follow the pikaji and Deepika ji will tell also in this particular platform, because there are many people they are connected with us today and we are very happy that in amongst CMAs there is so much of will to learn further. 

51:40
Deepika, please answer this question of Mr Anil Gupta and Sir, actually I am I want to either. I just want to eager in this field right now I am. What can I say, Sir, when I qualify the exam? I also search for these insolvency firms. 

52:01
So just want to grab this new opportunity, because in my opinion, in my personal opinion, I just want to say that in future the scope is very big for the new professionals. So I just want to later highlight on these points. So I would really like to it's very nice and that you have shown such eagerness for this insolvency and bankruptcy area of work. See, it's very important. 


## How to get into the working Capital Management Industry
52:36
Since you're just starting the things it's very important to get into. You know get an insight into every area of work I see as costing professionals. We get an opportunity to go into every area of the company so that once you know you have if you get into install. see, it is not just the tax, it is not just the balance sheet, it is not just you know the compliances. 

52:59
It is an entire company which is coming into your hands for you know Revival or for maximization of gains to all the stakeholders. So it is very important to get an understanding into the commercial working of the company that is one, and then the key areas which makes that particular industry or that particular industry successful. 

53:21
And what are those key areas which are even becoming the causes for you know the going down or rather collapsing of those companies. Another area which I feel is the working Capital Management, because I see that most of the companies which are coming into insolvency are the ones where the working Capital Management has been slipped, and slipped badly, because you know many times what is happening is that the money which was probably taken for working capital is put into the capital expenditure and then the working capital. 


## How to guide clients in the working capital crisis
53:55
The moment the working capital is lost and the cycle of the business is disrupted, the companies are not able to manage. so, as a consultant, or rather, as you know, a professional, I feel it is our responsibility to guide our clients, whether we are working with them full time or whether we are having them, as you know, on a retainership. 

54:16
So it is very important for us to guide them that the working capital should be managed in a very, you know precise this manner, and that is what is going to prevent this condition of insolvency. Also further, I would like to suggest that we go into the understanding of the major assets, that form of a company. 

54:38
If we go into an understanding of the major assets, we will understand where the value lies, because as an insolvency professional, I look at it if the goal, if I look at the goal, the goal is maximization of value. so first of all, I need to understand where the value is. 


## How the working capital works and how the asset base is working
54:54
So as professionals we are into many Industries, I would rather say, but to understand each industry and the intricacies of how it works and how the working capital works or how the asset base is working will help us into you know by the time you are ready to be an insolvency professional. You will have your you know hands strongly on that also. 

55:15
Another aspect which I would like to suggest is the legal aspect which we as CMAs generally miss out. The legal aspect is very important because at the end of the day the whole insolvency law is about this loan and then there are many cases which are put on to the company and we have to handle them, or myself, as a insolvency professional, I have to file cases again against the either the promoters or anything which is coming to disrupt the resolution of the company or the maximization of value to the company examination. 

55:59
Also for the remaining, or we only study the mean of the parts of that Provisions in the law. So what I understand is that the as far as this study of law is concerned, that's a very vast study. 


## Law Graduates: How to Apply for Legal Counsel
56:18
The people who qualify as LLB or even llm when they come to us, we normally see that they have the information, they have the practice of drafting, they have the practice of how to understand the code structures of India. But as far as the insolvency law of Provisions are concerned, they learn. They learn when they come to insolvency site. The like see, therefore, the you would see that the lawyers are specializing. 

56:50
Somebody is practicing in the property matters. Somebody's practicing in marriage matters. Somebody is practicing in corporate matter. Somebody is in company law. Somebody's in income taxes. So each law needs a specialization. So by just doing a Law graduation or post graduation, it is not really helping the knowledge of IBC, like when we hire our insult when we hire our lawyers. the lawyer's job is to argue. But as per the feedback is concerned, briefing is concerned. 

57:25
That is mostly given by me and Deepika ji about our own cases. We know the facts and we know the insolvency law. We know the regulations. We know the updated case laws. So what is required? That's what I already said. I don't think for becoming a successful insolvency professional for a successful resolution professional for a successful liquidator, I don't think the degree of law is required from again from Salon equal. 


## Is there any direct entry for CMS to become insolvency professional?
57:59
Is there any direct entry for CMS to become insolvency professional? Come and quickly? We have to take up the questions quickly because already we have spent one hour. So there is no direct entry. 

58:09
The entry is same for everyone: for a chartered accountant, for an advocated, for a company secretary and for a CMA, the entries Direct, like in case you have 10 years experience post qualification, maybe in job, maybe in practice, then you can pass an examination called. The Limited. The Limited, in solvency examination. 

58:31
But in case you don't have the experience of 10 years, then there is a graduate insolvency program which is presently run by one at Bhopal National Law university and the second is at Indian Institute of corporate Affair, and their total courses for about 20, four months, which includes internship of about nine months and maybe internship of one year so that course. 


## Study Pattern for Insolvency Professional Agency
58:58
In case you do, then immediately after that course you can actually enroll yourself as the insolvency professional with insolvency professional agency and then ibbi. so there's another a question from Mr Manmohan Jindal. This is guide about the study pattern. This you can guide the pikachi. 

59:21
Now as far as the study pattern to clear the examination is concerned, I would rather suggest that we have to as per the syllabus you know, the most important is the law, which is the IBC code, which is which is easily available in the market. You can buy one of those IBC code books and then go through it in details. 

59:43
Apart from that, quite a few important aspects are from the company law and understanding of the other more relevant laws, including the surfacey act and just a few more acts which we need to understand and we need to study. of course it is going to take about three to four months of good study to be able to get prepared for the exam. This is what my I understand. 


## 60 marks will come from the IBC Act, the case studies and the case studies
1:00:07
And then once and also not to get disheartened if you lose in the first go. It may not be, you know, maybe sometimes it is also okay that we understand the examination pattern and the way the exam is conducted and how we manage our time to you know, get the answers right while giving the examination, not to get disheartened if you lose in the first floor. 

1:00:27
So once if it make up our mind and decide, we must consistently try and there is no way that we will not be able to clear it. so once that is done and this whole thing can be done along with whatever job, whatever practice you are into, along with whatever you are doing, you can continue to do the study of this exam, maybe, so I would like to add anything to it. 

1:00:52
I believe this is what the study pattern is concerned. I think 60 marks will come from. I'm not very much updated still. I feel that the 60 marks will come from the insolvency law, primarily the IBC act, the code and the regulations and the case laws and the case studies. Presently, the case studies are more important because that actually provides the understanding of a particular person. 


## How to enter into a profession in this profession
1:01:28
Then there are surface law, then there are business laws, company laws, so all these are having some small system. so I believe that's a study pattern and as far as this opportunities for the new professionals are concerned. But I would say entering into a profession in this professional entry is very simple. Once you are entered, once you are a qualified insolvency professional. It doesn't disturb your existing career. It only. 

1:02:03
What it only takes is little bit of hard work. In studying for about six months time and passing an examination, it doesn't actually you know you are not required to leave your job or leave your existing profession. So that is what I wanted to motivate all of you that there is hardly any difficulty in completion of it. So I think difficulty we. You can just see that there is no other hand raise. 

1:02:26
Also, and there is no other question, I have taken all the questions and the way you want to conclude it. You can conclude it. I am really thankful to all of you to join in here today and for this discussion on insolvency and bankruptcy code and how CMAs can make a difference to it. I all I would like to say is that the CMAs have a huge knowledge base. 


## How Any Industry Works - Let's Put It to Our Best Use
1:02:49
You know and if you've really worked a few years, I'm sure, a lot of experience into many areas of a company and a complete understanding of how any industry Works. Let's put it to our best use and also really try and not give up on any you know hindrances which are put up. 

1:03:09
So let's try and really, you know, come up and be the ideal CMAs that we should be, and I thank you all for being here today, maybe so I would like to say something thanks all the participants, and it is really our pleasure to see all of you in big number and in case you have any question and in case you have any specific question, you can contact directly the pikaji and you can actually see like anyone. 

1:03:41
I think your number would be available on the public portal of a CMH. So if they can approach you for any question regarding CMA and the possibilities of any opportunity to that, you can directly. also I can put my number here on the chat in case someone would like to call me, so I'm sure everyone can look at the number. 


## - A Complete Guide to the upcoming session
1:04:08
So in case the number is before we close this session, the number is nine, seven, one, seven, nine, eight, double one, two. That's there on the chat box also so great, thank you very much. Thank you very much. thank you, so we conclude this session today, thank. 
